Except, perhaps, to #SmugLiberal awards ceremonies...or maybe out back to shoot 'em. #SmugHollywoodTypes #Hollywood #JimmyKimmel #Trump #Hannity #Homophobic #Twitter #Twatter #OutBackToShootEm
This has been a hellish day for yours truly.   However, the news of McTraitor brightened it up.
Well it turns out he's a steaming pile of Presidential shit... he signed it.
Faggot. https://archive.fo/Kb0YP#selection-457.0-1061.1
I always HATED HATED this band back in the day. I had a metal radio show in high school (1990 - I'm ancient). I'd get requests for this band and I'd reluctantly play them. I guess I've chilled out a bit. I now embrace the cheese! And wow this is cheesy as fuck. #heavymetal #music #manowarhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q0rAnyWUnwE
Maybe some people think my language on this is crass, but it's just more political correctness. It's yet another example of getting demonized because you notice patterns. Every mass shooter of every major incident has been autistic or somewhere on the spectrum.
We shouldn't have to arm ourselves and have guard with ARs stationed at every public place in order to defend ourselves from violent retards. The liberalization of mental health care in the 70s is directly responsible for mass shooting incidents we see today.
The fact is that these will never stop happening until autistics and mental retards are sterilized and removed from the population and institutionalized. This kid snapped because he lost a game. Only autistics behave this way.  http://www.foxnews.com/us/2018/08/26/mass-shooting...
Illegal aliens are an imminent threat to this country. They must be rounded up, interned, and deported NOW. All illegal crossings at the border must be stopped with GUNFIRE. #InternAndDeport
Enough is enough. If Trump truly cares about this country he will halt all immigration and exercise executive authority to intern and deport all illegal aliens and imprison those who abet their crimes. INTERN AND DEPORT.
Christian cake baker who won SCOTUS case is now being harassed by demented Satanist homosexuals, backed by the state of Colorado.
This whole story is so absurd. None of these animals should be in the USA in the first place, and their anchor babies shouldn't be citizens. We don't just need to repeal birthright citizenship, we need to have a way of stripping citizenship from the spawn of foreign nationals.
No attack guys, it was a problem on our servers. Shit happens 🤷‍♂️
If Conservatives don't become guerilla militant and fast then 60 million progressives are going to turn America in to a socialist politically correct shithole. The govt is going to appease black/brown leftist to maintain socialism. That means your persecution.
Mass imigration is only happening in to white majority countries. Diversity and inclusion training only happens to white ppl. In just 20 yrs whites will have no majority countries ruled by people who could care less about diversity. Prepare for your and your children's persecution.
Where are the 'Do not tread on me' 2nd Amendment crowd? Why are there not Patriots in the streets? Why aren't Progressives having unfortunate accidents?
This is a reminder that the 'white extinction anxiety' article means that progressives are banking and planning on your childrens persecution.
Looking at the news today, it's clear that we are in a soft coup leading to outright anarchy by far left progressives/democrats/socialist. In my opinion we have already seen countless examples of outright sedition by most left wing politicians that should be facing felony charges. And they aren't. Trump must kill/deport/imprison them now.
https://www.breitbart.com/london/2018/08/18/german...  Same shit different day  #SpeakFreely
https://www.rt.com/uk/436127-child-sex-abuse-hudde...  Here we go again ...but just keep on worrying about fucking letterboxes  #SpeakUp #SpeakFreely  #BritFam
Not all Moslems are terrorists .....but nearly all terrorists are Moslem  #SpeakFreely
Who is the fucking animal here ? #SpeakFreely
'a party for bigots' is the best kind of party.
Guess who's back 😉  I've enjoyed some sunshine and an escape from the shit that is current year Londonistan/Brexit/news in general - no, they didn't arrest me for hate speech (yet) - but I am looking forward to a good beach party on Parliament Sq tomorrow
New band names, by me: - Gay Retards on Fire - Piss Cops - Catcher in the - Jesus Christ 2 - Robocock Battlecry - Thunderlunch at the Casino - Guitar Band - The Beenles - Muslim Cops on Fire
'Is fucking a retarded girl rape? Asking for a friend.' - Barrack 'Sadam Hussein' Obama
cool ideas: - trayvon martin VR gay porn - farting -
Male Feminists believe in trickle down pussy.
Things in life may get chaotic once in a while like a co worker gets suspended because of yelling, making your life 10 times worse than before, a family member dying, a baby not getting born and huge accident happened to yourself but soon after things will get better it may take days,weeks, hell even months before things get better however big or small something happens it's only there to make you...
Salutations to all keyans on gab i hope you all are having a good time adjusting to a possible permanent stay on this site and loving it as much as i do we may not all agree on how to make our governments function or how society should be but i think we all here agree on one thing and that is FUCK TWITTER! #KenyansOnGAB
Christmas is canceled in Nazareth because a Muslim mayor is being a petty piece of scum. https://www.dangerous.com/38967/nazareths-muslim-m...
Welcome to Gab, Kenya niggers!
So the Eagles won, and Philly still burned. Nice.    Doesn't matter which Jew-owned pack of blacks wins the bowl, America loses anyways.
Yes yes, I've heard it before.  And I agree, they are free speech.    But guess what, the site is a few days away from going dark forever, again, possibly because of racist shitposts that were 1 tiny step away from a call to violence against Jews.    Not everywhere is fucking /pol.
The GOP establishment is pretty against Nunes.  The old timey 'my uncle' 'my dad' 'my grandpa' are after me for asking why Janz runs with grifters. lol. Jack Jarvis wants to sue my ass.  I ain't about to get sued though. Dude got unsuspended after 3 restrictions and a suspension, comes back meaner than before. @a @Amy @Microchip  #maga #gabfam
Some granddaughter of a Rockerfeller Republican is trying to get people shot and banned on twitter. Weird shit. #gabfam #maga https://twitter.com/JackGOPFam/status/103342287778... @a @Amy @Microchip
I actually live in Fresno County where Janz is a deputy DA.  A kid who was my catcher in Little League works with him and his Dad is a judge.   I guess I have to talk to family friends about Janz and his lack of response.   Sad. No I am not troll Chuck Johnson. lmao.  He's a rude douche. My question was seen by the facebook team on 8/3.  lol.   @a @Amy @Microchip  #maga #gabfam
Gab is the Liberal Loons worst nightmare , and their kryptonite. Gab is going to take them down big time.🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸
Trust too quickly and it comes back to bite you in the ass. Remember these words.I can't seem to find the way to keep someone from following me here on mobile , if I could , a great number of my followers would be history.
Yo @ZaneTyler classical liberals aka libertarians who support Trump are ON YOUR SIDE for the foreseeable future. You apparently just visited my profile and decided that I'm the enemy even though i'm out here day in and day out sticking up for Trump, Liberty, Freedom, and the United fucking States of America.
what the best printer for about $150?  I know they are all shit but help me out Gab
Gab is hell on Earth for OCD
Never depend on information from a company that sells information #facebook #fucczucc
Morbious, how long have you lived in the UK and worked here? do you have experience of every area of the UK and what the labour situation is like, or are you just regurgitating crap you heard from someone else? I didn't get my facts from the MSM. Our government has been fucking things up badly on train ing and jobs, and being in the EU makes it worse.
Robert DiNiro has turned into a doddering old fool
So Rubio is a 'No' on tax cuts unless child credits are upped. Here's the first drawback of losing the Alabama by-election. A 51-49 majority in the senate gives cucks way too much power. Flake, Corker, Mccain, Rubio; if one of them says no, the GOP is already hamstrung!
Paul Nehlen has turned into an absolute shitlord over the past few months. I highly recommend the most recent episode of 'Fash the Nation' (TRS) where they had him on as a guest. #FTN #Altright
@Wrm and I play a really dumb game where I crappily draw out hints to different songs.  Here are a couple.  #LetsPlayAGame
Our cat, Crow, just scared the shit outta me. Dark outside, and he is black. He was sitting in the window and made a thump. I didn’t see him.
The antifa pukes that just strolled into this bar are dressed like Zog and his minions from Superman I.    Oh, irony, harsh mistress, when shall thee quit me?
Well... fuck you too Spotify. A disgusting picture designed to humiliate the White people of Australia...
Yeah... hiring Arabs for defense force positions is gonna end super well for the Australian gov and people. Stupid diversity... shit doesn't work yet stupid leftists still push that shit down our throats. On a side note: can we get a facepalm emoji for #Gab @a‍ we need it for stupid shit like this.
Electing Donald Trump instead of Hillary Clinton is the most god damn American thing ever. STICK A FINGER IN THE EYE OF THE ELITES
One shit test I have for seeing if a 'right-winger' is actually such is asking about Jordan Peterson.  Anyone who thinks he is, in any way, a figure of the Right, conservatism, or Christianity can be immediately dismissed
Nothing pisses off a homo like having to compete with someone who is everything he despises
@Microchip consistently fucking with Twitter for years now has been one of the most valuable parts of the resistance to globohomo faggotry. You really should thank him for his efforts
I don't mind Israel using espionage and paramilitary tactics to achieve their goals. Pretending to be Muslim terrorists and using that to leverage power against their neighbors is actually pretty damn cool. My problem is that Texans are being manipulated, along with other nations, in a way that does not benefit us at all.
It's time to purge the entire landmass of the United States of the plague that is the Jewish pedophile population https://twitter.com/michaelianblack/status/1020869... They hate our right to bear arms more than SEX WITH CHILDREN I wouldn't mind seeing these vermin Hunger Gamed. Put them in a pit, tell them to hunt each other down
You are Fake News. The USA and Texans Hate You. Now Fuck off.  @a @wocassity
Texans in the vast plains, rivers, and the farmlands must gather, arm up, and declare independence from the United States of America. We are a nation of warriors that fell at the Alamo only to rise victorious, just as the Spartans did in the narrow pass against the Persians.  The USA needs us. We do not need those sickening fucktards
Hey @a @e  Any plans to add a keyboard shortcut for faster shitposting on one off posts?  On Fb and Twit , i can do Ctrl + Enter and post quicker instead of having to mouse over and click Publish on there like I have to do here Unless there's a shortcut idk about and i'm just retarded
Idk what to post on here other than gay shit and ramblings
This Alex Jones shit makes me hope the Anti Trust people go after these companies Break them up like the oil companies and phone companies
I need to post here and fag up the place more and corrupt it with degeneracy
Ruben Gallego is only a fucking rep because the nation let all the illegal spics in. He doesn't want ICE enforcing immigration laws because he's lose his constituents. No white person, or legal citizen who DOESN'T want their own destruction would vote for this faggotry.
I'm fairly certain those would grow organically as soon as shit got started.
Dick's... What a bunch of fags...
Must be an old picture.  There are no refugees camps or streets filled with human shit.
I hope Gen Z changes college political BS. -From an incoming Class of 2022 member
Damn, France beating Belgium was only the second result I didn’t pick correcly since the knockout stage started.
'I just went through a school shooting and I FEEL BAD!!! WAAHHH!' No shit, motherfucker...it's a mass shooting, not a massage with a happy ending...you're not supposed to feel good afterwards. The 2nd Amendment is not subject to the opinions of whiny bitches.
Here's what I have to say about 'sympathetic victims'  produced by the media in general, regardless of the situation: EAT A DICK. Being mass shooting survivor doesn't make you an expert on gun policy, no more than being a cancer survivor makes you an oncologist.
The reason I don't ever debate the 2nd Amendment with anyone (let alone leftist cocksuckers) is simple: it's not up for debate. Deal with it. And stick your 'sympathetic victims' right up your ass.
A church in Berlin was damaged after unknown attackers pelted stones at the building while shouting “Allahu Akbar!” https://www.infowars.com/berlin-attackers-hurl-sto...
McSalley Arizona has done it again other commie running for Senate. Damn
John McCain The bullshit tributes are hard to stomach. Very human. Move on
Commies  They need to be driven from this world. Now. And forever Misanthrope
White people post WW2 They are that stupid. Allowing all this bullshit to happen right under their noses Western civilization was smart cunning and superior. Rest is all envy
Muslims  Why are they still here. War with them is coming. This could have all been avoided if our politicians had not sold us out Misanthrope
Humans never change. You all know free anything is bullshit. Gab is about as good as it will get  Civil war will only change the narrative to the  victor  It is coming but really will not change much  We are humans and really fucked up   Misanthrope
To the human Catholic clergy You damn fools to allow this to happen Homosexuals The smoke of Satan Misanthrope
This magazine cover reads like a parody issue. 'Is Success An Illness?', 'The Other Lover: Why I Vetted My Wife's Affair' and, of course, the body positivity model... In 10 or 15 years when she starts having health issues, she'll expect someone else to pay for her bad choices.
Chicago Cardinal: Global Warming, Migrants Are ‘Bigger Agenda’ than Sex Abuse http://bit.ly/2BTFjCf via @BreitbartNews    way to deflect those accusations
Top Psychiatrist: Today’s Left Are Mentally Ill https://yournewswire.com/psychiatrist-left-mentall... via @yournewswire    we already knew this, but it's nice to have it officially confirmed.
John McCain famously sang 'Bomb Iran' to the tune of Barbara Ann. I associate him with a different song... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pPz2baLE-48 #McCain #JohnMcCain #BlackSabbath #Metal #MetalMonday #VocalCover
@AndrewAnglin apparently has more principles than @stefanmolyneux. Stefan is acting like a hypocrite and a coward. Please help me harass him until he lives up to his ideas, or until I destroy him.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9_iq6oDEh60   #FreedomainRadio #StefanMolyneux #FreeSpeech #SpeakFreely
Correct me if I am wrong, but I think Mueller may have stepped on his dick with this stunt.
RNC continues to show their cuckedness.
It was worth a rough night to wake up to Sundance's description of John McCain as a pus goblin...
Wanna hear a joke? Black people lol
Just finished genociding these weeds, these lawn niggers, from my yard.
Sometimes normie conspiratards give me a headache. https://youtu.be/ei2hnLghU8M
Former NY AG Schneiderman is a racist and abusive sex pervert who's very into Master-Slave sexual dominance activity... Exactly like the Hillary Clinton linked Nxivm sex cult... and he shut down an ongoing investigation into their activities a month ago. Coincidence? https://www.spartareport.com/2018/05/an-odd-simila...
A Twitter 'verified' 'sports' writer at Sports Illustrated calling for the murders of the entire Senate GOP, Roy Moore, and Republican voters:   https://www.spartareport.com/2017/12/sports-illust...
Now that Infowars has been hit by the Silicon Valley Death Star, I am amazed Twitter didn’t join in. But they are the same liberal far left trash and probably wanted to join the other kids kicking a dog when it’s down. Scum.
People asked what I’d be doing instead of watching the Royal Wedding: I was getting my hair cut (truth) AND I couldn’t give a cunt about what lizard Harry Hewitt wants to marry (fact).
Justin Trudeau is completely insane. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XSe3vQCRXvI
Trump releases #MAGA diss track in response to Eminem. The washed up, white boyfriend of Dr Dre.
James Vandercock gets groped by old jewish fag. Absolutely nobody is surprised at all. Jewish grope-gate is exploding all over everyones face. Giving a whole new meaning to the term 'mikvah'   http://www.indiewire.com/2017/10/james-van-der-bee...
Talking to a leftist acquaintence the other day. He assured me that Joe Biden would be running in 2020. I said 'I certainly hope so.' He responded 'rock on' apparently missing my point that if they run Creepy Uncle Joe virtually anybody we put up will easily beat him. This is the left.
hahaha, wouldnt have a clue how a boy who has been molested by a priest would sound, im guessing ur speaking from experience tho?
LOL... for reals.  FUUUCKKK the ocean.I know what lives down there.
@alternative_right   Are you guys gonna gas me because of my Scottish roots?
You'd have to look at her ass... have you ever heard her sing?She's got a pretty voice, but I swear to God she has dropsy.  She sounds like she has a mouth full of peanut butter... like her mouth doesn't form words or close all the way when enunciating words.It's like listening to someone who just got back from the dentist.
I know the art of cussing like I know the art of Europe.I just don't feel the need to be a subversive, pretentious faggot.It's probably because I'm a 'punk'... you know us young whipper-snappers, we just can't help it.
Inconsiderate pricks yapping on their cell phones at Airport gates should also be subject to execution. You’re not in a infinite private phone booth just because you’re glued to your phone 24 hours a day. I don’t want to hear about your big presentation to new clients. Take your damn conversation to a place where no one can hear your rude ass.
People are such fucking slobs. Anyone who wears flip-flops to the airport ought to be subject to execution.
Bitching on social media may be cathartic, but the best way to fight the biased lefty press is not to watch, mention, click, link, post, or refer to their lefty crap.  Even by complaining (mentioning) you’re giving them data to sell to their advertisers. Take away their ability to sell your data, take away your eyeballs and they’ll go out of business over time.
'Front Hole'  https://www.healthline.com/health/lgbtqia-safe-sex...    Please explain the objectification of women in the current context. Thanks.
The Obama's only know how to lie. http://toprightnews.com/michelle-o-tries-to-explai...
The Zombie Papacy Pope Francis, in failing to address the crimes and scandal rocking the Church, has turned his pontificate into a zombie. Nothing else will be done until these crimes are addressed through investigation and purging of the Lavender Mafia from Mother Church.
The Ugly This priest up for the down-low, offering ‘gay retreats’ and ‘imagining Jesus Christ as gay.’ https://josephsciambra.com/priest-that-said-imagin... Rampant homosexuality in the priesthood is ongoing, even celebrated and promoted. It is wrong.
If you see this post you must quote an at'a' post and call him a fag in some way.
Thanks to the ever-expanding cancer of the 2003 Communications Act, we now have German-style anti-Holocaust denial laws in the UK, introduced by the judiciary with no public debate. http://www.spiked-online.com/newsite/article/even-...
It’s been a while since I’ve read The Inferno, but IIRC the afterlife awaiting Flake (and McCain for that matter) involves him being frozen in a lake up to his eyes and unable to grieve over his betrayals.
What is the word on The Gorge? My friend who's friends were there said Nazi paratroopers jumped on, or infilitrated the lot and scene to set up rape tents and train white males 35-40 y.o. to grope women. They also set up gas chambers, tents where they were selling nitrous to phans.
I think we America, as a Nation, are roaring full on toward peak-retard.
The left make trump out to be way more powerful than a president really is. Don't they know that the president's job (and what Trump has been doing) is to enforce the laws as passed by congress? Immigration law is clear about what the president's job is at the border so unless they can change the laws they need to shut up and deal with it.
leftists ruin everything they touch! I just got banned from a discord server for using the 🅱️ emoji. they said it was racist XD.
This is not your plaza trannies!!! GET OUT!!!! #Splatoon2
The only thing comparable in stupidity to a liberal is a white nationalist.
Hunted online like an animal... peak faggotry.
All the infighting is fucking queer.
'Dropped' - possibly the lamest 'hip' verb in the shitlib lexicon.
Theee assholes walk into a bar...
Exactly. Libertarianism is so pathetic, it's like controlled opposition for dummies.
Oh dear! After people donated several years ago. RCL finally delivered the product which was declared by everyone who saw it as 'Shit'. The ZXVega+ debacle is worth looking as those who brought RCL's questionable behaviour into the public eye were often trolled and in some cases doxxed for doing so. https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/technology-45024267
Haven't been around here enough to notice, but it seems Paul has been released from his BS imprisonment.
Got locked out. Here's how it went... Kanye West: 'I like the way Candace Owens thinks.' 'Trump Train' tweet-spammer: lol you suck for not supporting Trump enough. Bet you'll delete this tweet. Me: 'He stuck his neck out a mile and got smacked down hard, which is something you will never experience. Have some empathy, you stupid ass.' Apparently I'm a Russian bot.
Man, this delusion neckbeard has a wife who doesn't have a forehead...That cone skull ranks at least a tenhead.  Geez.https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/7148589/inside-churc...
John Kerry couldn't take out W in the 2004 Presidential election, so how in the hell does he plan to defeat the most popular Republican President in history?Hope he runs.  It would be an easy victory.https://www.cbsnews.com/news/john-kerry-wont-rule-...
So David Brock's shitposters are back?I haven't noticed.
I'm sure Bill Clinton has a donut for Ariana Grande to lick...https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Oja97POVbM8
Do you need evidence that Progressives are intellectually superior to the rest of us?Here you go:  'Front Hole'
I went to college. When I first started college I was a Libertarian. When I left college I was a racist Libertarian who wanted to helicopter leftists.
Fuck that boring-ass Twitter. Go with Gab, it's a party here!
Welcome to our humble abode, Alex Jones and InfoWars.  I'll miss watching you on my big-screen TV with the built-in app.  Monopolists be damned!
Alleged closeted and bearded homo jack doesn't like VPNs. Fuck him (figuratively).
I hope the person who invented wallpaper is experiencing the cruel barbs and nettles of Satan's fiery cock.
Popular leftist terms that do not exist: - Toxic Masculinity - Patriarchy - White Privilege No matter how long the gender studies majors at McDonald's try to push this propaganda we must push back with facts #politics
Getting an android phone next time. Fuck apple for not allowing @gab onto their precious app store
It's been 9 months since Trump has been inaugurated. If you still think he is 'literally Hitler' then you are plain fucking retarded and there is no hope for you. #MAGA
Damn right!
GAYYYY!!!!
We're being invaded by South American walruses! https://youtu.be/5Ido2B4HqFM
Catalunyan independantists:  LEFTISTS, ANTIFA-LIKE cucks.   Don't be fooled, they will sell Catalunya to islam even faster than the fucking spanish king.   Bring back PRIMO DE RIVERA
Don't be fooled by so called Catalunyan patriots. They're NOT patriots, they are leftists believing they can create a state more 'UE friendly'. They are betraying legitimate catalunyan pride to offer this PART OF SPAIN to globalism.   They're in a sense like Scottish independantist, a bunch of cucks
That is MY MOTHERFUCKING PRESIDENT!!!  https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/1021234... #MAGA #Trump #IranIsNext
#Trump saying he doesn't trust our intelligence agencies:  TREASON TREASON TREASON  Even though we've seen their texts and emails and know these intelligence agencies are all guilty of treason themselves. HRC selling Uranium to Russia:  ALL GOOD This is why nobody takes these retards seriously. #POTUS calling out the CIA/FBI is patriotic if anything.
Nice try Sony, I wouldn't have wasted my time watching your SJW, pedophile bullshit movies for free.  This screams publicity stunt anyways.  https://www.bbc.com/news/technology-44711274
Happy 4th of July!  If you are a libtard and are in need of a special safe space tonight, a 4th of July free zone if you will, here you are!  You're very own place to celebrate tonight complete with a list of your commie rules.  https://kek.gg/i/5MZsS.png
So if #robots can plant the food; pick the food; and serve the food, why do we need #illegalaliens again?  Not to vote #democrat. They have already moved on to simply changing the counts.  https://www.zerohedge.com/news/2018-08-26/robot-ma...
#nothkorea has sworn over and over they will abandon their nuclear program.  The first time was back when the retarded sexual predator Bill #clinton gave them scores of millions of $$$ in outright bribes. They will NEVER end their nuclear program.  Maybe it is worth war.  Maybe it isn't.  But don't be such a fool as to assume they will EVER stop.
RT realDonaldTrump      I have asked Secretary of State @SecPompeo to closely study the South Africa land and farm seizures and expropriations and the large scale killing of farmers. “South African Government is now seizing land from white farmers.” @TuckerCarlson @FoxNews
The #IranDeal was the major reason Obama is, and probably will remain, the best president of my lifetime. Not much of a surprise that Swamp Monster Trump would repeal it.
Rand Paul betrays his professed principles on regime change in Iran, torture, and mass surveillance because Pompeo assured him that he now considers the Iraq War to have been a mistake. What a moron. https://www.neversaynothing.com/blog/rand-paul-to-...
'Hey sorry America but you have to die so we can get away with our crimes. Told you electing Trump was a bad idea.' Sincerely, The Clinton gang
I unironically believe an ugly, ungrateful barren cunt like Sarah Jeong should be harassed and bullied until she cracks under pressure. She has preemptively blocked half of the Internet to protect her ego already. Keep it coming.
Fuck off, we do not need more regulations and red tape. Choose a competing brand instead of asking for the government to come save you.
Australia is completely fucked, party politics is ruining almost every aspect of living here. Most expensive electricity prices in the world and an almost guaranteed increase in personal income taxes in the next few years. Soon I won't be able to afford to shit without there being a Fecal tax. Cunts
Change My Mind: Trump Is Not A Fascist https://www.blazingcatfur.ca/2018/09/01/change-my-...
President Trump has a little can of whoopass for Cuba, Venezuela and Nicaragua...By Monica Showalter President Trump has always been adept at spotting talent, and he's reeled in a big one with his new appointment of Mauricio Claver-Carone, to the top White House post on Latin America.  https://www.americanthinker.com/blog/2018/08/presi......
Conversations are the mine fields in America’s politics. A candidate, even a well-meaning Democrat, opens his mouth at his own risk. He might think he knows words and what they mean, but what he doesn’t know is that everyone gets to play Humpty-Dumpty with Alice in Wonderland. https://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2018/aug/30/t...
We are trying very hard to keep a straightface but we had to add this news. An animal rights advocate wants to place a roadside memorial in Maine to remember thousands of lobsters killed in a highway wreck Weird that they didn't say a damn thing about muzzie s torturing and killing all those animals a few days ago. http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-6115919/PE......
Yeah, I've been kicked off of facebook twice now for calling a tranny a tranny
I just thinking about the entire Russian conspiracy and I just thought at something that doesn't make sense. It's about the Steele Dossier. We are told by the press and Democrats that Russians are not to be trusted. Yet they took everything that Christopher Steele obtained from Russian contacts seriously. Confusing, much?
Look at her back side...big ass, concave back of her knees.     Just kidding, it's her front side, that's her gunt and her knees just have fat rolls.     Which way, western woman?
Gay marriage advocates in Australia gearing up to do a Hillary.
In breaking news, Hillary Clinton is still a cold, heartless cunt.
People who say 'nobody's born a racist, you have to be taught' are also the ones who tell their children to be gay degenerates and killing white people is right.
I remember talking with cam whores about maths and stuff. Those were the times.
I guess this is when you guys say 'karma, bitch', right?
Fire her nasty ass.
Cant be a true Arianna Grande performance,  nothing exploded outside the venue. #TooSoon?
Anyone shouting Allahu Akbar should immediately be shot. There is no place in civilization for the barbaric Satanism known as Islam
PSA for all liberals, socialists, 'progressives' and people who demand 'pronouns'
This is how sick the left is. They keep trying to push this shit that the KKK is right wing, and the Nazis were conservatives. Both are 180 degrees from truth. But they can fuck up a good painting for their obscene propaganda. Pepe doesnt have blue eyes either idiots.
This fuckbox
Does anyone else get the creeps from seeing that little fascist, David Hogg, in front of a camera or microphone? He wants his rights but you don't get yours. Nah, don't think so.
If he only had a brain too.
Irish people are scum
Thank you President Trump! Each one of your accomplishments made liberals cry like the pussies they are. #MAGA
I've been suspended from the #RetardedBlueBird five times now for mocking ultra-Retard #MolesterSulu George Takei. Had my fun. Now back to @Gab for a while.
When shit-posting goes too far...
You fucking Jew, I knew it! Why the hell did I marry such a convoluted jewish fag!? *runs* Don't hurt me daddy!
Planned Parenthood is fighting back against Blacks catching on to what Margaret Sanger was all about: Limiting the Black population. It's why she formed PP in the first place.  So now, billboards making it look bright and shiny and liberating to kill off their unborn.
Warning: 3 of 3 Probably they will have to give him all the extra money, and get sued for anything they had to spend on anything else, and the people who donated will eat sh-t. In 3 months he'll still be homeless and drunk. End of story. https://www.breitbart.com/big-government/2018/08/2...
There are two types of socialists: the evil socialist, and the stupid socialist. Evil socialists are despots who seek control.  Stupid socialists think socialism works and is good.
The latest trend in Feminism: Dyeing your butthole for equality. That's right, ladies, say no to bleaching your butthole, that's just a simple way to say 'I'm white-washing my butthole!' Dye your butthole a fun color for Feminism! If you aren't dyeing it, you're not a real Feminist, so get out there and represent! #ButtRainbows
omg. and I have total proof on it, too. here's a website, proving what trump said about those ms-13 people -- and us! we're all animals... this website should be enough for /everyone/ to comprehend. it's a discovery ~*~kids~*~ website. have a look. http://discoverymindblown.com/articles/are-humans-...
That's a very contradictory title. How is it 'the best' if it's got Amy Schumer? She's horrifically un-funny, and all of her 'jokes' are anecdotes and normal shit about being a woman. 'OH HAHA I HAVE A VAGINA, AND I HAD SEX I'M SUCH A SLUT TEEHEE' https://www.nbc.com/saturday-night-live/video/amy-...
If this little douchebag Hogg really gave as big of a shit as he claimed, he'd get his happy little ass off Twitter because BlackRock owns a really large portion of it. He's proving more and more every day that he's stupid, and really has no idea what he's talking about
JUSTICE!    Antifa faggots are going to have their fingernails ripped out and their asses treated like Russia's borders in the 1700's: constant expansion.   http://yournewswire.com/putin-antifa-russia/
'Act like an adult and use them/don't follow shit that upsets you', YES
#UKNews 😲THREE YEAR OLD child is victim of FGM in UK 😡😡😡 Ghana/Uganda parents in East London accused of FGM plus 10 counts of indecent image allegations. Sick fecks!!!!!!!  They plead NOT guilty.. #TheRope! #KidsLivesMatter #BritFam
Theresa May dancing. Arthritic praying mantis with butt plug engaged.   #True !
The NYTimes is largely owned by Mexican billionaire Carlos Slim. Why isn’t the IC concerned about Mexican interference?
2016: “Putin has tapes of Trump making whores pee on Obama’s bed” 2018: “Oh, we mean that Russia has a news station called RT that seeks to influence people” What a fucking joke.
Don't let the invaders in in the first place, and that problem is solved.  Easy-peasy.  #BuildTheWall
Could you only imagine what Theresa Mays 'OMG I'm cumming!' face must look like?
If CNN were a woman, I'd be getting that bitch some hospice
How in the hell did Guy Verhofstadt ever survive middle school without being drowned to death in the toilet by his upperclassmen?
Loving all the triggered Nazis coming at me right now! Eat some falafel you small schnitzel loving weiners and calm your low IQ white selves down. You adhd kids forgot to take your riddlin 🤣
Can someone explain to me why people are so stupid? -_- https://deadline.com/2018/08/rachel-maddow-wins-tv...
#SouthAfrica #WhiteFarmers #FarmMurders #Media #FakeNews
Been watching some Metallica videos and this one always gets me. There are moments when they are showing Hetfield and the look on his face looking out on the crowd, you can just see the thought 'Holy shit that's a lot of people'.  The helicopter flying around gets me too.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_W7wqQwa-TU&li...
To all the libs out there. There is an old saying that goes 'don't start nothin' won't be nothin'. We would rather be polite and civil, but if you decide not to (as some on your side have done) we will have no choice but to fight fire with a firestorm. And I don't think you'll like it.
Was Obama Insane? His Actions Related to the Economy Suggest So!   https://nypost.com/2018/01/07/on-the-economy-trump...   #GeniusPOTUS #MAGA
How the fuck can a communist claim to be the champion of the working class when they have NEVER HELD A FUCKING JOB!!??? And no, being a community organizer doesn't make you a member of your stupid asshole proletariat.
I’m going to go see it just be an asshole and troll everyone else in the theatre.
What is with all these dudes claiming that they can't find a good woman? Do you ever leave your damn house? There are single girls EVERYWHERE. But the problem is that you think that you can create a relationship without first starting a friendship. There really isn't a half way point between hookups and monogamous relationships; you either want one or the other. One thing that might help you, is a...
Now that I think about it, these tranny freaks who pump their bodies full of hormones/chemicals that destroy their actual, biological reproductive system... this is essentially eugenics. @Cantwell What better way to eliminate degenerate DNA than to trick mentally insane undesirable males to medically sterilize themselves via hormones for years, make it impossible for them to reproduce. I mean, yo...
It doesn’t matter if there are non-whites who share some of our nationalist views. they are still different from us. Should they be allowed in our ethnostate? If it were up to me, the answer is no. I don’t support a policy of, “anyone who’s like Joe the Jew is welcome in our white ethnostate.” The whole idea of an ethnostate is to preserve our genetics and identity, not specifically our...
'A confidential, 49-page memo for defeating Trump by working with the major social-media platforms to eliminate “right wing propaganda and fake news” was presented in January 2017  by Media Matters founder David Brock at a retreat in Florida with about 100 donors, the Washington Free Beacon reported at the time.' https://www.wnd.com/2018/08/mask-off-social-media-... #FAGS #So...
New Podcast: Our Failure Is Our Loss The continuing downward spiral of #Islam in the #Anglosphere. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L9hiVkTpL78  @Al-Hajj #TheBigStep #Hustling #SellingOut #MinorityFiqh #TheStudyQuran #Mardin #SpiritualAbuse #GetOutWhileYouStillCan #MoveToTheMuslimWorld
Latest fake news spin: China withholding flu due to trade tensions.... except this started before the trade restrictions (1 year)... so what we have is the Chinese government being a bunch of dicks and the MSM blaming it on Trump. https://www.msn.com/en-nz/news/world/china-has-wit...
U2? Mysterious Cunts Trying to throw your cunt around the world Where the Cunts Have No Name
Like Burton? Edward Scissorcunts Cuntville The Nightmare Before Cunt Sweeny Cunt Sleepy Cunt Big Cunt Alice In Cuntland Cuntjuice
Feeling festive? Miracle on 34th Cunt A Cunt Story The Santa Cunt Lethal Cunt
For the kids Mary had a little cunt Bah bah black cunt  The itsy bitsy cunt
YOU SUCK DICK DURBIN!!! You decide where to place the comma.
Gosh. Antifa are a bunch of fags.
Wow you’re a fucking Clown. You must be a Jew
Wow I’m having a convo with someone and you jump in douche bag. Are you some highly paid coder or just a jerk off that likes to punch right.  Or maybe you’re a Jew. Never heard of you before. Mute me.
Duh Kikebart sucks too but they do post news headlines that I comment on it. If you don’t like my posts then fucking mute me and go back to TRS with Jews who pose as white claiming to be Nazi’s. 🙄
New video is being rendered at the moment. Got delayed due to some work-related BS. I'll post the link when it's ready. #TheRedExpress
Just saw the stream clip from the Madden Tournament before it was taken down. I know e-sports competitors can be salty and toxic at times, but shooting up the place because you got your ass kicked or were insulted?! Fuck that nonsense.
😝 this shit will never get old. I wonder if, at some point, they feel as stupid as the sound.... ”Oooo, a free speech site!” ”Oh my, so many things I don’t want to see/read/hear/know!” ”Someone please make me feel better.” MUTE!!! fucking MUTE (read about GAB) did I mention MUTE?
That didn’t work for BLM😆 why would they think it’ll work for a bunch of spoiled white kids.
She’s just very upset after being permanently separated from her daughter by an illegal alien.  She’s still in denial (of reality) and on the verge of anger (at people who want to prevent more separations). I can’t imagine what her bargaining stage will be like. I’m sure it’ll be a hoot though.
I don’t matter what you invent history is on my side when you get an ignorant shit to restate imaginary history even if he is a British numbnut good for you
India makes active pedophilia a death penalty crime I don’t know what muslims are going to do but India may end up exterminating any true muslims who follow pedo Muhammad’s example with Aisha. Half the British & American establishment may also end up executed if they act on their perversions. All in all, a good outcome, time for the West to follow this example.
Why do you follow Jew hater Cantwell? Oh, don't tell me your friend Danny is Jewish. So was Soros. @LegendaryCollektor  https://web.archive.org/web/20180830165242/https:/...
PomoNews: (VIDEO) HOW DEMOCRATS TALK TO BLACKS WHO WALKED AWAY FROM THE PLANTATION https://buff.ly/2tThcvU #WalkAway
Bury that POS and curse the traitor to hell. https://www.theamericanconservative.com/articles/m...  #MAGA #TAOTD #PresidentTrump
Free societies tend to punish laziness, ineptitude, stupidity and obnoxiousness, but reward graft, talent, intelligence and charisma - which is why entitled mediocrities with shitty personalities are hellbent on destroying them. #maga #wakeupamerica
Yey for gay! Fuckin Obama social experiments.  https://www.nbcnews.com/feature/nbc-out/navy-drag-...
Blue wave? Just a fantasy. I imagine Reagan Democrats now exist under Trump. There is yuge support for Trump from working class families. They make up a sizeable chunk of the electorate. It's the economy stupid.
Do your small part to disrupt the objectives of liberals.  https://www.infowars.com/video-come-and-take-it-gi...
Owning the libs is good, but the ideal is to create a reality wholly outside their media-entertainment matrix that siphons off normies.
What the hell ever happened to @pavlovscat? I liked her.
The French are a bunch of pussies.
Shalom, my fellow gabbers. I don’t follow anyone, but I’m here to air my grievances about Jew haters.
Call out the cucked whites instead of the Jew, allowing the Jew to keep up his cover acting like a cucked white as it still works as a group with his fellow Jews. While at the time time you pile on against Christianity which has been a target of Jewish ire for 2 thousand years. Just a genius strategy. Keep those shekels coming in.
Shalom, fellow white people. Jews are also white Christian gentiles so you need to advocate for them over yourselves or else you’re a Nazi Muslim.
Which one is you, @1CycoMutherfuk ?
Buh-Bye Paul Ryan. Now if we could just get rid of Mitch McConnell. ;-) #gab #gabfam #draintheswamp
Cruz has got his Neo Con issues, but come on, This Beto self hating white leftard clown, who would watch the US burn tomorrow for a Senate job & some shekels is getting 40% in the polls in TX? How many illegals on the voting rolls down there now? And the leftist white dipshits that have destroyed CA & NY living their now I wonder? Enough to have horse mouth win?
And we need to see more of them in Movies, TV & banging white chicks. Now or its racism. And we will harass you if you don't.
Lesson, be careful what you wish for. Specially if you are an idiot. Never could figure out how people with such a better work ethic come from such shit hole countries? They are like Superman. Get near their home countries & they become worthless, but super worker here? Strange how that happens. Like Work kryptonite
This dipshit is another Neo Con or ADL shill on Gab now to destroy it by 1000 cuts. They claim they want free speech but bitch about the free speech that is on here. Same way twitter started going down the road of censorship. Starts off innocent enough, Hey have to get those Nazi's off here. Clean it up for the normal decent folk. Then the slippery slope begins.
The white self hating leftist mental disorder that push's people to vote for these scum bags. A few day's earlier he was boasting about how his ancestors came to the US from Italy for a better life. And we need more 3rd worlders from shit holes.
Sorry fellow Gabbers, in New Zealand we have our share of idiots and this one found out the hard way about the 2nd amendment. Who in their right mind would travel halfway around the world and break into someone's home armed with a knife, pepper spray and duct tape? He's lucky he's alive but will face the consequences in a court of law. As a New Zealander I 100% support the 2nd amendment and th...
Holy CRAP that's bad. It's seriously feeling like Disney bought Star Wars just so it wouldn't be the biggest intellectual property on the market anymore & they could have Winnie the Pooh take back over. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bH_Ws7sA468
So in the span of one day, Steam sends me an email saying that we didn't make the threshold for minimum payment, and Unity sends me an email that we may be making too much money. Obviously just fuck my shit up fam right?
Tranvesties are just as fucked up as pedos. Both should be banned from all western societies.   https://www.breitbart.com/national-security/2018/0...
Statues are coming down and you still give a huge portion of your money to subsidize the breeding and importation of non-whites who don't like you and will replace you. Which way, white man?
In my first thread, I referred to South Africa by calling it the most successful and prosperous country in Africa. Under White rule, it was. However, when Whites de-colonised and handed power to Blacks, South Africa fell into ruin and despair, with the White minority persecuted.
Enough Whites are currently being killed by Blacks in South Africa, that it can easily be classified as a form of genocide against the White population. For a first hand look into the violence and its victims, watch Lauren Southern's 2018 documentary 'Farmlands.'
Russian Conspiracy Theorist Senator & #FraudNewsCNN puppet, Senator Chris Murphy (D-Conn) defaults on $180K mortgage. Irresponsible & Sad.   http://www.deeconmedia.com/russian-conspiracy-theo...
#Breaking - @Delta Openly Discriminates Against Female #Trump Supporter @AnnCoulter.    #Trump #MAGA #Delta  http://www.deeconmedia.com/delta-discriminates-aga...
A copy of the email I've sent to Paul Dacre the editor of the Daily Mail. Libellous fuckers!
Negroes screech about their culture and heritage, but inject themselves into any cultural category except their own. They shout about 'cultural appropriation' but wear western clothing. They celebrate their individuality but insist upon diversity quotas in schools, corporations and films. #NoFreePasses
Numales, Soyboys, etc. are the result of males being raised in an over-feminized environment : Shielded from all hardships and obligations to build strength and character, they shun any responsibility of being masculine.
I give you... Swedish #Antifa - be afraid, be very afraid. No, for real, we should be afraid for the consequences of all the closed down mental hospitals in Sweden.
Everything on /popular is in Portuguese now! Build that Wall!
So many haters are people who aren't allowed anywhere but Gab! I have to communicate with them here because they are banned from the 504um for being retards. Many such cases! Very sad! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nfWlot6h_JM
If you skip listening to this conversation between @Ricky_Vaughn99‍ and Vendetta you are a wigger. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JtEmMu0eJ3Q
You are either arguing in bad faith or you are too low IQ to participate in the conversation.
Haikus are for fags   You are gay for writing them   Looks like I'm gay too    Why do I write them   Its just click bait poetry   Just to get you hooked   #haiku
Damn. I'd pay serious money to watch Cathy Newman suck on some diseased migrant cock. Fuck that bitch. Damn, I am not even white and this is how I feel about her.
Is Sadiq Khan, mayor of London out of his mind? Why doesn't he fuck off back to his in-bred goddamn country and stop the grooming of local girls before telling us what to do about free speech? Oh that's right, kuffar girls deserve it, no? fucking asshole!
What are you waiting for? DO IT FAGGOTS!!! https://www.telegraph.co.uk/technology/0/permanent...
'We're glad we killed jesus' - this guy likes to make 'hands up don't nail' and really seems to enjoy the 'jesus didn't know it was going to be easter' joke. I bet he makes it again this year. what a snake
IG report out now.... https://static01.nyt.com/files/2018/us/politics/20...  #Q #Cockroaches #DNC  #TheShitShowIsHere
For a guy who claims to be a mental health “coach” this guy sure has some fucked up thoughts on property damage.
Alright, calm yer tits.
Looks like a bunch of dead bodies to me. Why would you just assume those are dead Jews? Could be anything.
There were no extermination or death camps, there were labour camps. Jews died for the same reasons German citizens died: typhoid, and starvation from relentless allied bombing. You’ve see photos of emaciated bodies and immediately assume, like a good fuckimg sheep, that those we Jews killed by Hitler. All claims of ovens and gas chambers have been debunked. This is simple shit, dumm
Listen, faggot, you’re just a brainwashed lazy minded drone who has never looked into it. Tell me: what proof is there that any sort of genocide happened against the Jews.
The. Holocaust. Never. Happened.
Trying to tweak my setting to get significantly fewer politics and more philosophy and memes... I'm kinda tired of everything... the stupidity of statism, feminism, socialism, Trump Stuff, Open or closed borders... yeah I have thoughts on all of these things but I'd now like some fun and interesting stuff on my feed that isn't the same info over & over.
Just making sure to clear the legit waste from my fellows... people who legitimately identify as Nazis and Fascists are a disgrace to humanity and liberty. =) TY. Is it okay to punch someone for words? No, but if you legit want genocide of any race or the suppression of speech I don't want to freely associate with you.
I don't think anyone has legitimately fought for anyone freedom since WWII and I think in my lifetime this is made most apparent by the fact that the gov will send people to war 'for our freedoms' only to shread the constitution while they're away and treat them like shit when they get back.
Collectivists are Faggots. All flavors of them. From the Tribalists up to the Communists.
That's why you should never trust a FEMINAZI.
August 28 2014 : 28 publications claiming 'Gamers are dead' August 16 2018 : 300+ publications claiming 'Conservatives are Mean' That's 10x the insult. I hope there's 10x the backlash.
Shite.... I thought this must have been the victim and scared for life. Turns out it's just fuck ugly. http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-bristol-44222...
Welcome #KenyansOnGab   May your shitposts endure as well as your runners
Noah's diary : day 43. Wooly mammoth soup is fucking delicious.
What's the worst thing, beginning with N and ending in R, that you can call a black man? Neighbour.
More 'Give them room to riot' leftist reasoning. Leftist controlled cities become shithole cities in such short time. https://www.wral.com/texts-show-police-chief-told-...
It took them three days to concoct this BS #FakeNews from a Tweet.  First of all, what in the hell does tweeting a word for the first time have to do with anything?  Second, it's not a conspiracy theory. https://tinyurl.com/y6w2uykg
Nah but your mum's pussy tastes mighty good
lord help us. women will no longer be safe here and i feel like i just woke up to a real live purge. we know they did this to save the aliens.  https://kfiam640.iheart.com/featured/john-and-ken/...
https://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/hurricane-mar... Thats a lot more DemonRat voters.
They literally ooze hatred of being clean, feminine, or even of being 'civilised'. The one showing her huge derriere is obviously at a low point in her life. No one wants to look at it, so she's determined to shove it in our faces. Nice. They're basically saying, everything is crap, we're crap, life is shit and so nothing matters. While they waste their young years in this insane negative madnes...
Headline Reads: 'Meet The 8-Year-Old Who Fulfilled His Dream Of Becoming A Fierce #DragQueen' More like fulfilling the dream of his handlers... These perverts,( l would not call them parents), who have access to children,who do this 'thing' to them, knowingly encourage sexualising their young minds, destroy what is left of any shred of childhood innocence in the process. It make me hate EV...
My dream is to have just one Brazilian set up a GROUP to show pictures of those beautiful Brazilian ladies butts. Some grade A good stuff.
Tell this fat ugly ape that if she is getting threatened at her job, it's her employer's responsibility to pay for her protection. And if they refuse, it just shows they don't care about her, just like the rest of us don't.
He pulled an Obama and filled the Vatican with his pedo globalists. Gonna be tough to get rid of him.
The Official Opposition party in the UK right now..... What a bunch of vile bastards, led by a vile bastard. Anyone who would vote him into office knowing what is known about him now also qualifies as a vile bastard. The end of polite politics is fast approaching in the UK.  #BritFam
It's the same in the UK they are not wind farms they are subsidy farms. But it's just taxpayer money so who gives a fuck. https://www.nationalreview.com/2016/06/wind-energy...
Re-education by any other name. How very soviet of the lovely BBC. If you are still buying a TV license you really need to fuck off. https://www.mirror.co.uk/news/lord-sugar-pass-unco...
Guess I need this on permanently now. Again #FuckEU
Getting sick of this shit #FuckEU
I can't...I'm sorry, but you clearly need to actually look into this. I can't deal with this level of stupid...he broke the law because he's an idiot and didn't care that he could've damaged other cases. He got what he deserved, there was no conspiracy, he's a cunt.
I see the American 'Free Tommy Robinson' mob is active in here as well. Tommy was an idiot - he was on a suspended sentence and broke the law by filming at a trial when the Judge ordered all journalists - proper ones and amateurs twats - not to. He chose to break the law and suffered the consequences, this is not some great Hero of Free Speech...1/2
I don't know if his post is public or not, but here you go. I didn't post his name because I'm not an asshole. I don't make shit up.https://www.facebook.com/CajunGypsy/posts/10155829...
Idiotic Liberal Logic - or lack thereofI've known OP for 30+ yrs, thus the obscured names. Given his new avatar, I'm going to have to give him the boot, but I thought I'd screen grab this piece of stupidity from one of his rabid libtard friends. Libs cannot see the inherent contradictions in what they say.  https://kek.gg/i/4wkzyV.png
I like that she talks about Great Comics and includes herself, 'our job'. That miserable twat wouldn't know great comedy if it slapped her on the ass.
#BritFam I have some good news to share. The flag makers have approved my design and I will receive it before the weekend - perfectly in time for the Day for Freedom.  It's going to be a bastard 3ft by 5ft monster so no one will miss it & it is guaranteed to get snaps at Whitehall so executives at Twitter will be guaranteed to see it. CUNTS. #DayForFreedom
Oh boy - folks this video is a doozy. Upsets all sorts of applecarts for fans of #Islam , the Nation of Islam, Muhammed Ali & Malcolm X. Also shows the last three up as complete and utter idiots - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sxOM4GrqElw
Seems we are signatories to an international treaty for the control of Chemical Weapons (OPCW) and that the treaty requires that the government give any of the signatories 10 days to respond. So it seems particularly stupid that Mrs May 'demands' answers within 24 Hrs. No surprise then that Russian told the Government to fuck off. Treason May is a fucking idiot of the highest order.
Listen, I know I make fun of Commiefornia a lot, but I never realized they were this stupid. By the way, what a biased article from a so-called objective news source. Two sentences saying it's controversial and ten paragraphs dedicated to up-playing it. https://money.cnn.com/2018/08/30/pf/california-wom...
Imagine a world where black people, largely, were in power, the way many consider whites to be in power today. In this hypothetical world, let's say increasing groups of people were saying that blacks were inferior, or being openly hostile toward blacks. Would it be a good thing if you weren't able to call those people racist?
Chrome browser is also a snitch for Twitter bots. Can't use more than 1 acct on that browser fucking niggers
Just got shoah'd AGAIN. 3 shoah's in 3 days. I hope those stupid faggots at twitter hang themselves  Their bots are fucking shit. Dumb dirty kike faggots All bc I started a curious cat acct
Suspended twice on Twitter in 3 days. I can't stand these niggers
So starting tomorrow, I'll have 11 days of peace and quiet in the house while the family goes on vacation.  Could use any and all cheers, thoughts, prayers, whatever, cause I'd like to enjoy myself without getting plastered and hangover-sleeping the whole time away.
And when people give me shit for being on Gab, like 'OMG there are so many racists there', I'm like, yeah, and there aren't a shit ton on Twitter?  At least on Gab I'm in charge of my own feed by my own rules, not some bullshit shadow algorithm.  I censor what I cannot brook.  That's my choice, not Jacks. https://gab.ai/a/posts/15062088
You know your country is MULTICULTURAL . . . .When there's armed patrols on the streets.
Europe 🌻 v Africa 💩
HEY Brian Krassenstein‏ screen cap this shit mother fucker you faggot peice of shit. I hope no crazy dumbass flips out and posts your dox on some other site that be a shame.
OH SHIT ITS HAPPENING!
@Blacklisted Lol nice job its pretty out there and violent but it sure triggered a shit load of people. Big troll lvl. Ya think they would not be getting so mad and act like snowflakes but here we are.
Man sometimes ppl up in here are too much and embarrassing tone it down just a tad lol. Sperging out like Stormfags IGNORE STORMFAGS.
KESSLER and THAT STUPID UNITE THE RIGHT RALLY ARE ALL FUCKING dumb fucking fuck head who are braindead retarded faggots. Hows this help anything bunch of dumbfucks seriously.
Maybe someone should fucking hack those fucking Barbie Twins the Ed brothers whatever the fuck those faggots names are.
Conservatives = Bull Market Liberals = Bullsh*t #fboLoud #tcot #maga #TrumpTrain #tpot #AmericaFirst #Patriot #TrumpsArmy #Trump2020 http://fboLoud.com
Ever wonder what a Self-Loathing Idiotlooks like, here you go❓ 'I hereby resign from my race. F--- these people,' white professor writes online #fboLoud #tcot #maga #TrumpTrain #tpot #AmericaFirst #Patriot #TrumpsArmy #Trump2020 fboLoud⦁com https://fxn.ws/2PvUvba  #FoxNews
Do you think affirmative action hire Don Lemonaid is obsessed with shitholes? I think so.
A pedophile is like a dog with rabies.  It's sad they're sick, but they still have to be put down. #MAGA
#Gabfam, the leftists (and degenerates) are pushing hard to normalize pedophilia.  This is the third and final time I'll be posting this.  If you're interested in doing something to stop this, read the link. https://www.scribd.com/document/383096570/Destroy-...  #MAGA
I'm going to become a transwoman lesbian. Lesbians who do not like transdick are racist, homophobic bigots. #LGBT #Trans #GiveMeThatPussy #LesbianDick
I have a new rule: no more posting on Gab on Friday or Saturday nights. I never know if I'm dealing with a drunk or a troll. (I suppose this lady will want to argue with me over semantics for another hour now...) Good night - enjoy getting shit-faced and stupid. Wheee!
Sooo... you're blaming their censorship on their unfamiliarity of American culture. Bullshit. Haven't you seen pictures of the people that work for these companies? Stick around Gab long enough and you will (they're caught in undercover videos, they post group photos on Twitter, etc) - these guys aren't Iraqis or Hispanics. Most of them look like the white people they claim to hate. Stop bullshitt...
Riiiiiiight..... Either Facebook, Twitter and Google have a tendency to hire the most idiotic employees ever, or they're blatantly censoring conservatives. Do they really look good either way? If you work at any of these companies, do you really want to let people know you work there? People will either think you're a Nazi, or a moron.  ;)
If this is an example of they women that the #altRetards attract to defend I may be staring to see why they hold the views on women they do...
Good heavens, the #altRetards are so desperate that this is what they're now sending.....
Turning the frogs #Gay or children #Trans all part of the #Marxist #Communist take over, turn all white men into weak little twigs so they would have to become a bundle of faggots #Leftism #Agenda  at: 8:59 / 36:58  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RAacfrQc7sE
no problem in islam #ChildMarriage  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KldFGgUTqKA
via @PolNewsupdates   'Remember the antifa member who screeched at police, gave the Nazi salute, and assaulted a veteran participating as a spectator at the Portland rally?' https://twitter.com/PolNewsupdates/status/10294549...
My latest piece:  GWOT Veterans, If You Suffer From PTSD, You're Malingerers! https://www.patreon.com/posts/gwot-veterans-if-199...
My latest The Left IS The Greatest Danger America Faces https://www.patreon.com/posts/left-is-greatest-197...
#FUCKislam #AllaIsAGayGod https://youtu.be/h45n1CSetiM
Gag reflex so strong! Two despicable libtards (of the highest order)! #DSSS
#franken #loser    What a fool! Being devoured by his own beast in the democrats & #MSM, that is funny.   #MEMEWARS
Or ... is she saying that Muslims don't know how to run a country and protect their own citizens? #doubletriggered
I'm so triggered. As an Asian, I will not stand by that privileged white woman saying that an Asian country has so utterly failed that any one in it will 'most likely get killed'. She's basically saying that Asians don't know how to run a country and provide common security to the people in it. #whitematriarchy
'She says Afghanistan was a country where the man 'will most likely get killed' and explains that 'I am doing what I can to save a person's life'.' so you're saying Afghanistan is a failed state? https://bbc.in/2LNHxU4
all black women look like bull mastiffs
Frogs are cool and if you're too pussyhands to pick up a hopperboi then you're a meddling slut. Ribbit, mother fucker.
look at this Leaf supremacist asshole over here...
100 years today since the Bolshevik assassination of the Tsar and Russian Royal family. Communism is a fowl ideology
Oh so now he's a spoiled *millennial* murderer, too??? https://neonnettle.com/news/4867-mollie-tibbetts-k...  BTW, the guy who owns the property where this scumbag was working is a die-hard Democrat/Hillary supporter. Go figure he'd employ ILLEGAL ALIENS to work for him. 😡
bill clinton is a rapist
III%  if you don't know what the fuck you're talking about, ask Cop put on leave for tattoo linked to antigovernment group https://nypost.com/2018/08/31/cop-put-on-leave-for...
Will you be on @dickmasterson's podcast or have him on your show? He's being sued for 20 million dollars calling someone a cuck.
I don't endorse any of the links on this site, so you can follow them at your own risk, but the story is one which should be branded upon the ass of everyone who runs for office, and upon the conscience of everyone who votes. http://hushmoney.org/Davy_Crockett_Farmer_Bunce.ht...
This bullshit about 'private companies can do what they want'? Bake that cake, hypocrite. Cater that gay wedding, H8R, even if you don't cater ANYONE who doesn't walk through the door. (Unless you're Muslim, of course.) I wish to hell the Left would settle on which set of rules is going to be used.
#SouthAfrica #Ramaphosa #Communist #WhiteFarmers #Obama #WhiteHarvest #BenGarrison #cartoon. #MondayMotivation @StefanMolyneux read Ben's great post at https://grrrgraphics.com/south-africas-white-harve...
I bet Mary Kissel fucks like maniac rodeo queen.
Democrats and Conservacucks are remembering John McCain.  If he died in 2007, it would be only Conservacucks.
Maybe Meghan McCain will finally be unguarded enough to let thirsty Lindsey Graham fondle those tiddies...
Hell yeah https://circumcisionmovie.com/
What a prissy looking little faggot
Fuck off pussy! Grow a pair and act like a real man. No wonder you don' get paid!  HAHAHAHAHA
Awww muffin why don' you get off your ass  and actually contribute something to society instead of bitching and moaning about what the 'govt' should be giving you. Oh and one more thing..... fuck off
LMFAO. They are in WAY over their pointy liberal heads
You just know that when she was a kid her mom called her to the dinner table by sticking her head out the back door and shouting 'SSSSOOOOUUUUUWWWWWIIIIII!!!!!!' and she come running and oinking all the way.
Well then, Who you gonna call when your Mandingo boyfriend starts beating and raping you?
So Facebook is asking me for the second time in a month to verify my identity by sending my profile picture to them to review. I’m so sick of this shit. They are NOT getting a copy of my DL. I don’t care if they fucking lock me out forever. I only use it for crafting sites anyway so fuck it.
Lock this dick up and throw away the key.
So this ass has burned over 3000 acres here. https://www.nbclosangeles.com/news/local/Hemet-Fir...
One day, the dishonest cowardly mainstream media #FakeNews, will be forced to report the full sickening truth about their feminism hero Hillary Clinton! All of the world will watch these liars eat a massive shit sandwich! #GreatAwakening #QAnon
Someone's buttplug has been dislodged! What is it with these communist snowflakes working at Buzzfeed? Why do facts and free speech give these losers so much butthurt?
That's the first thing I thought of when I saw Theresa May doing her stupid dance! Mr Bean! The second thought was Hillary Clinton, and her whacko eye rolling and spasmodic head shaking! Perhaps Rowan Atkinson can have May star in his next Mr Bean movie? https://mobile.twitter.com/KeiraSavage00/status/10...
Yep! Bono is a retard, the rest of U2 are retards, the Pope covers up systemic pedophilia inside the Catholic Church, and the EU are corrupt dictators, flooding Europe with dangerous infidelophobic Muslim refugees!! https://www.bitchute.com/video/kQIgciyHIG4/
Muslims are offended. ...I tell you what I'm  fucking offended by Muslims and their ludicrous religion of lowlife cunts .Please fucking off back under the stone you cane from you utter cunts.
Muslim filth
Biggest pile of crap in history.
When you actually  talk to a Muslim it is scary how brainwashed they are. They believe all the bullshit and have a funny look in their eyes like they aren't quite the ticket.
Once you allow Islam in it starts spreading fast like a disease.
I am officially done trying to have peaceful conversation with liberals. They are animals. They deserve to be removed from our republic. Either your believe in America or you are a fucking traitor. Get out of America. You are not welcomed by those of us who love our country.
Is there anything whites AREN'T better at? Anything we take from blacks is improved by us.
It is not racism. It is the collective immune system of the white people as a whole. What did you expect to happen?
.@jack Dorsey is a cocksucking faggot
Best article on Hanoi John's passing I've seen tonight:  Let’s be honest. John McCain is a bitter, angry crank who clings to resentments as tightly as an old woman clutches her pocketbook.  http://patriotretort.com/does-dying-make-you-a-sai...
Quit whining Texas, we here in Arizona have a long border with California guarded only with a bit of sand and few prickly plants. Since we can't have a wall we are hoping for a big earthquake and California to suddenly become Alaska's problem.  “Far too many immigrants from California come here, take advantage of our pro-business, pro-liberty laws, and refuse to adjust to our way of life,”...
New hot bugman take: Bernie Sanders ISN'T A LEFTIST. Jesus fucking Christ. Is this a fake news tactic, like pretending Antifa doesn't exist? Is it a result of such rapid leftward movement of the fulcrum that Sanders -- a Communist -- truly doesn't register as a leftist to people who are only able to measure things in a relative sense? Is @meh6000 just bat shit crazy? I don't even know anymore.
A lot of wise tactical advice crossing my feed lately, feels like people are finally realizing they're in a war and studying the strategy of a successful enemy. 'Cry out in pain as you strike' is a big time winning Leftist tactic. We all hate using it because it's what pussies do, but look at South Africa for a preview of what happens if we lose.
Yup. Diagnostic criteria for 'mental health condition' is constantly expanding. See DSM 4 vs DSM 5, which has thousands of new 'mental health conditions'. People in charge of officially defining what constitutes such a condition are overwhelmingly shitlibs and women. This is already a huge problem because it is used as a pretext to demonize young boys for not obeying female-defined faggot behavi...
Starving journalists make me nut
only *LITERAL FUCKING NAZIS* refuse to sacrifice their children to globohomo gayplex™  By denying globohomo™  the blood of gentile children that it uses to nourish itself with you are basically committing a hate crime
Sure my slut daughter was raped and murdered but hey at least I get easy access to authentic burritos! Checkmate NAHTZEES. @SCALE
If you make Kanye president I swear i will commit terrorism
I completely support the NFL banning cheerleaders. WHY? You aren’t a feminist, a rabid SJW!? Because I hate what niggerball does to white people, and banning cheerleaders maybe the final straw!
by kids I mean    kinky   inbred   dirty   sluts
going to go fuck some kids
David Hogg is a massive fucking faggot and I wish I could kick the shit out of his stupid pussy face
going to rape the absolute fuck out of my stupid wife when I see her, bitch has no idea what's coming to her (me)
fag
This is Antifa, folks.  Filthy, degenerate communist subhumans.  Every single one.
Fuck Neil Cavuto and all the rest of the blubbering big-mouth do-nothing Cucks who have accomplished exactly NOTHING against our enemies. God bless President Trump.  https://www.businessinsider.com/fox-news-host-neil...
Say, @a, if you're trying to make people stop using your app, continue to shove all these foreign language posts in our faces. I am getting tired of scrolling over incomprehensible foreign shit.
As I was driving around today, it occurred to me that when I was growing up the worst concern on our holidays was the projected highway death toll that was always broadcast. Today we anticipate riots, mobs & violence from the Leftist armies terrorizing our people whenever patriots gather to celebrate and exercise our freedoms. Deliver us from evil, Oh Lord.
gas cucks
christian, JQ   gas all degeneracy
It appears that #China #propaganda machine is working very hard to promote the greatness of their #military to their general public & the world. #China is right now very afraid of #USA trained #ISIS agents infiltrating their Large #Muslim population in Northwestern China. https://tinyurl.com/ycmtr2uh
My dude, then you shouldn't complain when they do the same to you.    Fucking eternal Anglos and their greed and imperial fetish
If you support Trump after today, you're just retarded
>muh high IQ and creativity   >invests in a shekel grabbing operation by a turk and south indian street shitter    Good job, Alt-right. You're a bunch of weak fags who are easily duped
Something should be done to combat the idea that Gab is some sort of governmental trap to incriminate right-wing individuals. I see this on Twitter and it seems stupid, but people are repeating the meme.
Fight me, communists.
If you're a right-winger, how could you not be excited at the prospect of a civil war split down ideological lines?
You have to frame the issue in a way a leftist can understand it: The Democrats are racist for supporting neo-colonialism and the 1st world exploitation of 3rd world intellectual capital by keeping all of these aspiring doctors and lawyers here in this racist country! #EndDACA
McCain is a tumor.
Like @m says, armed fags don't get bashed. Even though they're a bunch of commies, like many of the Kurds, I'll support them throwing DAASH off of rooftops for the sheer hilarity of it all. https://www.gaystarnews.com/article/gay-guerilla-g...
On the Phenomenon of Bullshit Jobs: A Work Rant http://www.strikemag.org/bullshit-jobs
#rapefugeess '.. sexual assaults .. with Iraqi and Afghanistani men being investigated ..'  https://www.thelocal.de/20170720/police-correct-mi...
Wow! Is ANYone even taking this course seriously? Maybe femtards and beta-males? yeesh! https://www.zerohedge.com/news/2018-05-02/why-war-...
These shitlibs think it more upsetting that some shitlord photoshopped this image, than it is that she wants a full gun ban and confiscation..
Why do people here believe the Holocaust happened? Why would you WANT TO BELIEVE SUCH AN ATROCITY HAPPENED TO THE JEWS? Of course it didn't happen, otherwise the world wouldn't have Israel and all the Nobel prize winners that came after WW2.
This is the dumbest fucking joke I have seen on this place. One look at the text and it tells me this is amateur hour. Is this supposed to be an 'intelligence organisation' when they cannot even form basic sentences? This reeks of Mossad-involvement. Their autism and ham-handedness is the stuff of legends.
jews: 'Let's cut their funding! Filthy goyim! HAHAHA! DIE! DIE! DIE!' *Autistic shrieking* also jews: 'NOOO! Save us! They are going to attack us!' *Hides knives behind back* https://www.jpost.com/Israel-News/IDF-concerned-fu...
Not long ago I disliked it when women were on their period. Now I appreciate it because it proves they are the real thing, and not trannies.
Well hallelujah everyone, the trump thing, whatever it was, is now official and unequivocally over.  John. Fucking. Bolton.  Now his closest team is bush level or awfulness.
This pajeet bitch needs to seriously fuck off.
The fundamental problem with the Nation of Islam is their 'white man is the devil' theology AND their culti-ness. Aside from that, their self help ideas are spot on.  Black people should have chosen the self-help path rather than Civil Rights ideology which was inherently Marxist.
My alma mater is completely SJW converged. That's fucked up. I still like my college's glee club though.  #MorehouseCollege https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TTMISj7gS5A
DAMN I LOVE OLD SCHOOL HIP HOP!!!!!!! I remember when this joint came out!  This beat is ill! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d-7cKZoq44Q
This is the amount of money necessary to buy toilet paper in #Venezuela. It's probably cheaper to use cash to wipe your ass.
TFW you realize that Kim Jong Un has a 'fashy' haircut http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-5826353/Ki...
President Trump should seriously consider this 'machine gunning families trying to illegaly cross the border' thing.  We could use some of that on this side of the pond. #FuckEm
The real reason straight from the horse mouth this time LGBT Activist Masha Gessen: Gay Marriage is about the destruction of Marriage https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2uVqdYN2RVo&t=...
People with 'large secondary sexual characteristics—big muscles, large breasts' are 'in personality terms...more animal-like.' This is the only way in which porn is an accurate representation of real life.
and some people still wonder why so many people hate him, specially those ugly ass feminists
no, some people do behave like animals and its funny how certain groups or races so to speak have a really distinct way of behaving that is indeed more primitive or advanced than others, although its not something we use a lot to talk about people, being racist is calling black people monkeys, not relating them to something that has been used as a slur 4 centuries
I personally dont care, I have seen people following and unfollowing me several times to get my attention maybe so I would follow them back but their posts didnt interest me, and I'm pretty offensive so I dont think people really want to talk shit to me cuz 'muh follow back', I dont ask nor will I obey demands, following too many ppl makes your feed useless
#Feminism is an infection! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r_8hLQmfudM
My nuts are yours anytime! Thanks!
Well... at least a “man” was still first. By the time all of this makes it to Globalist textbooks in the future it will be a female astronaut who went to the moon just to abort her baby there because she wanted to do it first... before using her size A bra to sling the spacecraft back.
Me muting idiot Globalist groupies on Gab, on my own little account, is not the same as giant Twatter muting Trump’s base from almost the entire platform. Let’s just clear that brain fart out now should it come up again.
You can tell Gab is the place to be, even Dem derps are here now trying to latch onto our feeds talking sh!t looking for attention. I don’t care to address them directly, but I will say that my mute button is fond of them already.
I’ve often wondered what it would be like for Globalist groupies once they realized they’re living a lie, but now, I’m seeing that it is we patriotic Americans who have been living in a lie for decades... Our country, branches of gov, our MSM and our schools.. ALL are hijacked.
Gervais SLAMS religious slaughter “I couldn’t give a F*CK what your ‘God’ says” “There is no excuse for animal cruelty. I didn’t care if it’s your ‘culture’. I don’t care if it’s ‘tradition' https://unitynewsnetwork.co.uk/gervais-slams-relig... #BritFam
There's some evidence she was Baha'i http://www.interfaithveganalliance.org/tag/nasime-...  A Baha'i spree shooter is very weird, but not much weirder than a Baha'i instagram thot.
Holy crap!  Fellowship of the Minds got taken down?  Will the last man with a voice please turn out the lights?
That dipshit Jake Tapper said at a paid speech in D.C. that this is the 'Golden Age of Journalism' as he went on trashing the President, calling him a liar and bla bla blaaa. I read a LOT of news articles and REMEMBER EVERYTHING I read (I am weird like that). Imagine me seeing this click-baity article in a South African news site, and seeing a 'journalist' write an article where she cant even...
Hey, comics aren't as stupid as I'd thought
There is no such thing as a 'sex worker'. You are a whore. A prostitute.  Preeeeeety much a cum dumpster.
How many of you WW2 buffs (or people with a calculator) can prove this actual whore ('sex worker') wrong and she made up the entire story for attention?  https://mobile.twitter.com/TrancewithMe/status/103...
Hayden is a complete A-hole.  Wherever he's gone he has sown misery. That dude is an ass and a half hat.
Fun fact normies: Nicolas Maduro is an ethnic Jew. So was Fidel Castro. So were Mao’s and Stalin’s top advisers and financiers. So were the Bolsheviks. So were the heads of the communist party in Wiemar Germany. So is Bernie Sanders. #MondayMotivation #RemoveTheJews
JEWS LIE
Monthly Reminder #4:  JEWS LIE!
Seems only fair that lefties who enjoy harassing ICE agents at home get equal treatment.
Look, gun grabbers. I have wasted a lot of breath in the last few years calling out your lies, explaining your errors in logic, etc. I’m done with all that. My best and final answer is no. Go fuck yourselves.
Oh look, the Left has turned another great institution into a gross mass of degeneracy.  http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/DrudgeReportFeed/~3...
I was put on notice for posting an ugly slur in a private Facebook group... Well 'private'
And naturally they will go through every post I've made and slowly ban me for each past infraction.  Seriously Facebook. Fuck you Fuck you in the ear You bunch of faggots
Explanation: he’s a son of a bitch
Along with Queen's @qbmdo post below we have a pretty clear picture of the gender pecking order under the crescent moon. https://t.co/QfXvN3rINU
All I do is drive through crazy nigga hoods. With millions in liability. For ATMs, banks, other businesses. You talk of stress. I hear a child's inane babbling. The streets love me. Because they know I would kill them all. This is what I do. In real life.
Tattoos are for the weak minded slave peoples.
South Africa and Weaponized Racism https://youtu.be/t8lDUg9GsTA
Good morning Gab and Twitter. What are we autistically screeching about today?
James Woods: Ban gun FREE zones | Amanda Head https://youtu.be/F56UuaCb4VM  #GabFam #Gab #BritFam #UK FUCK OFF you fucking old ugly bag you aint having our guns
Lol, Twitter ban thanks to pedophile Eichenwald.
A black actor plays a GOOD role model on TV for half a decade. No rap, no crap, plays a dedicated father, husband and doctor. Works hard. That doesn't sell, honesty and integrity don't make a black man famous these days. But he keeps his head up and takes some good, honest, hard work while in his 50s, workong at a grocery store. No welfare check. Work. Two lesbians see him, snap his picture withou...
Monkey, monkey, monkey, monkey, monkey, monkey, monkey, monkey 🐵🐒🦍 Just saying it before my Google keyboard won't let my white fingers type it out anymore.  ***UNAUTHORIZED WORD SEQUENCE*** YOU DO NOT HAVE THE CORRECT DNA PATTERN TO USE THIS WORD. PLEASE TRY A DIFFERENT WORD. CONTINUED ATTEMPTS TO USE UNAUTHORIZED WORDS MAY RESULT IN THE SUSPENSION OF YOUR DATA PRIVILEGES.
We must be more cunning about how we import random strangers into Europe - or one day the continent might fall into the hands of the natives.
Sarah Palin's life would have been so much better if she'd picked up the phone in 2008 and said 'Hello Senator ... Vice President? Oh, HELL NO!'. https://www.breitbart.com/big-government/2018/08/2...
Headline: Republicans Resist Plan To Rename Senate Building For McCain  I don't know, 'Crapweasel Senate Building' kind of has a ring to it.
Amazing how the guy who wrote/directed the greatest libertarian TV show of all time (Firefly) and the greatest libertarian movie of all time (Serenity) turned into such a far-left idiot. Yeah, talking about 'male feminist' Trump-hating moron Joss Whedon.
I’ve always loved cats, but now that I have a baby and a cat, I have to say: fuck cats. I resent every second of attention they take away from my baby.
@ROSEANNEBARR Valerie does look like Planet of the Apes and she is part of the Muslim Brotherhood. We patriots and free speech lovers are right next to you. I suspect this and the #TommyRobinson thing are VERY related.
To my US comrades re Jeff Sessions: you need to, in no uncertain terms TELL HIM TO FUCK OFF. Senile and impotent old fucker succubus trying to suck the fun out of life.
SPEAKING TO WOMEN IS A CRIME (sometimes I feel lucky to be gay - I don't have to talk to these twats or risk getting raped in prison for doing so):   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5byZcEeHjQU
'First Man' is a liberal's wet dream. So pretty much a fantasy fiction movie. I'll pass.
You can have civilization or you can have leftism. You cant have both.
I have always found Matt Lauer putrid and smug.   Also, his face looks like a cartoon hound dog. This was one of many reasons I couldn't watch 'Today.' There was a smug and putrid dog-face sitting there in a suit. Thinking about his door-locking button.   #MattLauer  #tinypenis  #sexualassault  #slime
I'm sorry, but is ANYONE surprised about #CharlieRose? He's smarmy, smug, wears pink lipstick and too much rouge, and radiates the stench of sexual desperation and do-you-know-who-I-am-ness.    Enjoy your suspension, Sparky.   #sexualassault  #PBSperv  #KindaYoungKindaWow  #ImagineHisBreath
#MerylStreep, don't you feel awful for all the public sucking up you did to #HarveyWeinstein? Of course you don't, you pointy-nosed fake swamp hag. Because you're a jiggly bag of hypocrisy, just like him. Look in the mirror at the planks in your own beady eyes.   #Hollywood  #Libtards  #Weinstein
#Kaepernick trying to accurately quote #Churchill is like a German shepherd trying to draw the Mona Lisa on an index card with a crayon rammed up its poop-chute.    You stupid, smug POS.   #Pence  #MAGA  #USA  #NFL
Delicious irony!  Voted worst mayor in America, L.A.'s Garcetti to run VS T, 'Worst President ever.' The delusional lefty's legacy:  A corrupt progressive wreckage so crime ridden, children's bulletproof backpacks are flying off the shelves. #Trump  #Gab #GabFam #SpeakFreely #Chat #Americans
Politico/Morning Consult Poll:  Trump thumbs ass at Dems!  Banks 65% of Republican voters for the GOP, who claim Manafort conviction/Cohen guilty plea won't effect their vote in the mids. #Trump #Gab #GabFam #SpeakFreely #Chat #GOP #Americans
Finally!  John Goodman defended Roseanne, 'She's not a racist.' Guessing he's trying to shmooze a new audience, otherwise, where the hell was he when she was dumped and the cast of progressive rat bastards turned on her?! Trump-Nation goal:  Kill ratings.  Kill new show.  Finger cast! #Gab #GabFam #SpeakFreely #Cast #Americans}
Whispered voices from inside dark confessionals everywhere. Young boy, 'But, Father Frank's, when are you going to show me how you glow in the dark?' Breathless Father Frank's, 'We're coming close, boy.  Faster!' #Gab #GabFam #SpeakFreely #Chat #Americans
Specifically, it's a decentralized, fatwa-based religion. It believes in and trains believers for conversion by force, while seeking to eradicate rival religions. Outside its borders is the House of War. Inside is the House of Submission.The cultural overlap with Islam is not an accident.
I'M SO FUCKING SICK OF THE LEFT'S SELF-RIGHHTEOUS BULLSHIT I COULD PUKE! MUST SUCK TO HATE TO BE HAPPY!
Isn't freedom of speech a constitutional right?.As I understand it, even someone who became a joke after losing to Donald Trump can't be silenced. Yet. At least she didn't bend over and take Daddy Putin's alpha Russian cock up her arse. You know he used a chemical weapon on your closest ally, last year, right?
Says the old ogre...
The Wall is a stupid idea and you're stupid if you think it's going to do anything worthwhile.#BuildTheWallhttps://youtu.be/V3D_Ttiv41k
It's just as foolish and just as violent. I don't discriminate against holy books. They're all a crock of shit to me
So my talking has made Muslims procreate faster, has it? Interesting logic you're using there. Tell me, what do you propose to do about it? Do you have any plans? 1.6 billion today identify, at least culturally if not religiously, as Muslims. You have 7000 nukes and 23 aircraft carriers. Shoot.
#liberalismisamentaldisorder  this is why you shouldn't believe in this psycho-babble.  https://www.dailywire.com/news/34581/american-coup...
One of these is a parasite that will feed off of humanity and grow until we are all dead. ...the other one is a gut buster from the fictional movie 'Aliens'. I know it's hard to tell which is which though.  #alexandriaocasiocortez
Why does anyone need to maintain their security clearance after their time of service with the government is over?  If you no longer work in a high security area, why do you need the clearance?  Brennan needs to go away and shut up!
Idiot Neil deGrasse Tyson forgets and wanders after his dog on the beach....
Always happens when you beat a leftist, always.
Yep, you're a mindless leftist. The telltale sign is the spewing of hatred and wishing harm when you lose the argument. You can't think and when you're put in a position where you have to back your baseless position with a reasoned argument and facts your mind uncoils like a spring. There are two characteristics associated with leftists, the inability to think and hatred. You demonstrated both.
America. Fuck. Yeah.
So the jews lapdog #Trump attacked Syria again. I'm sure Trump cucks will call this 90000D Chess. Trump is another zionist faggot.
“I am a chicken shit with no arguments.”
If you need a nonsensical bullshit snowflake pronoun, you can be absolutely certain that I will have no reason to talk to you or about you. In my world, you don't exist. https://www.campusreform.org/?ID=10583
'The Chinese make fun of my fat ass and don't give a shit about my feelings, so I went crying to Vice and they let me write a story about it.' https://tonic.vice.com/en_us/article/neq3ak/people...
Listen and understand what those working for evil know, and even admit, of themselves:  Mohammedanism is NOT a real religion, it's a tyrannical political system with religious trappings intended to fool the rest of the world:
Berlin: Attackers Hurl Stones at Church While Shouting “Allahu Akbar” https://www.newswars.com/berlin-attackers-hurl-sto... #AgendaOfEvil
It didn’t start with the Southern Poverty Law Center: the global jihad has always been aided by Useful Idiots https://www.jihadwatch.org/2018/08/it-didnt-start-... #AgendaOfEvil
Out: People voting for Trump vote against their own economic self-interest    In: People who voted for Trump are only thinking about their own economic self-interest.    Why does anyone falls for this shit?
I nominate Suzanna Walters for the most hateful, venomous, vitriolic, and reprehensible op-ed in history of WaPo http://www.aei.org/publication/i-nominate-suzanna-...
We're not the English FFS, we fought a revolution against the landed gentry of the House of Lords.Cyndi McCain can get in line and run for her husband's seat like the rest of us.  Oh, and Fuck John McCain!https://youtu.be/lsu7wiodruk
John McCain is Dead -- Good Fucking Riddance.https://youtu.be/lsu7wiodruk
I read that the juice instruction manual, considers anyone not a )ew, non Human. Non juice are called Gentiles, and are the equivalent of animals to serve the )ews. That's the kind bit. Now I see why they want non )ewish white people eradicated. To control... Everything.
Flags have been at half-mast all week here because of that bastard McCain. I would be hard to find a more rotten statesman to memorialize. My flag stays flying high! FUCK JOHN MCCAIN http://halfstaff.org/
Great advice! I like the Gab Blog PRO idea too. Yup nothing on ISBN search. I'll work on the others tonight. And for sources I have a whole metric fuckload. On my website I have a lot of the articles I published on Medium before I was banned and underneath each article I have lots of book, article, video, PDF and audiobook sources, both for the reader's research but mostly so that I can keep...
The main thing that drew me to Gab was the higher character count. Most of my time on Twatter (or even on Gab prior to PRO) was spent editing down my long ass posts to a size that was within the limits of the character count while still cramming as much info and depth into it as possible. Which ultimately helped me develop my writing skills but was annoying nonetheless. Shit, I'd use up a 10...
Stefan Molyneux said a while back that the best possible scenario for the improvement of gender relations is a massive civil war/economic collapse/catastophe. Make women realize how full of shit they are and how helpless they are without Men/The State to save them. Then they'll come running back with their tail between their legs begging to return to patriarchy and traditional gender norms. U...
Most of us on Gab don't hold these taboos. Ironic nazi memes have the sole aim of stirring up drama. Would much rather see them trolling shitlibs on Twatter than here where people on the right are trying to have serious(ish) conversations and get organized.
' #GetWokeGoBroke !' (via Jeremy aka 'The Quartering) is so true -- and also as we see here the opposite is also very true! What is a nice brief catchy version of 'Fuck PC nonsense and pandering virtual signalling, gain much respect and extra business in the marketplace' ?
I am so sick of this Hogg!
All my followers are like 40 and don't need advice but If you're this ripped, don't flex on bitches. You have to moderate the aggression.
The problem is women say silly shit, and the meaning of the words is irrelevant to them. Words are just a medium for manipulating feels and relationships. If you kill a male communist, great, now there's one less communist. If a stupid cunt dies, have you accomplished anything? Mollie should have been grounded by her patriarch.
If most blacks want to laze around smoking weed and having babies with three different daddies, drinking water from a river because they can't manage a municipal water system, I Don't Care. It's no reason to hate them. Let them live in their own communities where they can raise a ruckus without getting arrested.
The fact is, blacks were perfectly happy with their culture and accomplishments. If we think it's shitty, oh well. It is liberal authoritarians who tell blacks that they can and should live up to white standards. It is progressives who destroyed black communities with desegregation, took away their leaders with affirmative action, and put 25% in prison.
RED ICE TV Proof That Liberalism Is A Cult - Amazing Polly This is worth watching. https://youtu.be/FzdhANrkqkw
If you are right-wing and pay to send your daughter to college, you are retarded. Woman are submissive and much more prone to peer pressure. They are not equipped (NAWALT) to handle life in a re-education center. By sending her to college, you are destroying her future and increasing the risk she'll die in childless misery.
Now: 'We need more women engineers!' 30 years from now: 'We need more work visas for engineers because we can't find enough good domestic ones!' https://www.jamesgmartin.center/2017/08/engineerin...
We have to give up our guns and tear up the Constitution because some bald brown lesbian bullied an autistic kid until he went postal.
'...a group of men who worked towards a plot to bomb the Toronto Stock Exchange, shoot up the CBC headquarters and storm Parliament Hill in Ottawa. They wanted to behead then-prime minister Stephen Harper.'  https://torontosun.com/opinion/columnists/malcolm-...  The point where The Cowardly Maggot #CdnMedia #CBC became #Muslim sympathizers??
Munchausen syndrome by proxy; https://torontosun.com/news/world/my-baby-killed-h...  Mother should be in a fucking cage
Today is “International Vulture Awareness Day” Who knew ? 🤷🏼‍♂️ There are some left wing carcuses out there....just sayin !
Damn racist Republicans.......
The very werid #traitortranny Chelsea Manning said that she crashed an event in NYC... he is a liar, he hung around awkwardly and no one paid him any mind.
...Grab them by the pussy Inshallah https://www.franceinter.fr/societe/une-coupe-une-f...
Should The NYT be categorised by the SPLC as a homophobic hate group? should the creators of the cartoon be banned from Twitter and Facebook? whilst personally I respect their rights to free speech, should not the same standards be applied equally to people regardless of their political beliefs?  @a  https://www.nbcnews.com/feature/nbc-out/new-york-t......
The Scots have done well by booting out Labour, The Welsh have done well by voting for #Brexit. The Northern Irish have done well by supporting Theresa May when that seemed like a good idea. #MUKGA is a shit hashtag but #MEGA is a great one... Lets use it to make sure #realDonaldTrump doesn't say anything to support Theresa May's capitulation to the EU.
Not that anybody asked for it but, Fuck The Alt-Right Fuck ANTIFA Fuck all extremes  Pray for Freedom
In Mormonism, a man can have many wives. For what is he being punished?
What in the hell is that crap? I only made it through 1:22...
remember when bill burr was funny?  I gotta admit, I'm not sure I give a f**k  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xvMoF4lAwmw
Murdered by Democrats and Chamber of Commerce Republicans.
“Fascism, Nazism, Communism and Socialism are only superficial variations of the same monstrous theme—collectivism.” I'm not one of those who thinks Ayn Rand is some sort of holy oracle, but she certainly had a point.  https://www.libertarianism.org/columns/ayn-rand-fa...
@ShannonMontague  knows how to draw a crowd. Cheap drinks and cleavage.
If you destroy American history or your own history is offensive to you - you're a weak, weak person.
Jeff Flake is going to get Flaked.
Be a non-Muslim and Tweet respectfully about the abhorrent shit that Islam actually teaches, and Twitter will suspend you for 'creating fear against a protected group'. Yet be a Pakistani Muslim and call for cartoonists to be hanged, and nothing happens - you even get to keep your blue check mark. @VerifiedHate
I'm not a Christian, but I did answer you, are you retarded? Look at the passage, it clearly says that Jesus is telling a parable, hence why it's known as The Parable of the Ten Minas in Christian theology. U've chosen a single verse & isolated it from not only the passage, but from Jesus’ message and the rest of the Bible, in attempt to justify ur irrational hatred
Absolutely agree with everything...except perhaps compensating them. Muslims are raised to have strong hatred for non-Muslims and seek to subjugate them and force them to live as persecuted second class citizens - people as poisonous as this do not deserve the slightest bit of recompense or civility. Burma has the right idea.
This happened 10 minutes away from my home. People are diligently sending thoughts and prayers, changing their Facebook avatars, and carefully avoiding mention that the shooter was radicalized by islamists in prison.
They fired the fat anti-Trump terrorist T.J. Miller, then started dropping red pills in the new season. Something happened there.
On the other end, California is number one in public defecation, murders by illegal immigrants, crooked mayors that impede ICE, diseases that were extinct in the whole developed world, companies that censor your thoughts and sell your data, Trump derangement syndrome, leftist intolerance... I could go on, but you get the picture.
'I have a strict no touching kids policy but you already kmow how I feel about his dad'    No, fuck you, you were all gung ho to let this get swept under the rug by Hillary Clinton. You deserve to be right there on the firing line with these cunts.
AS WELL YOU SHOULD BE SCARED YOU DISGUSTING CHILD RAPING SHITSTAIN ON HUMANITY
I call bullshit. #GabFrancais 'French newspaper Le Parisien and BFM TV said the young comedian alleged that Depardieu assaulted her on August 7 and August 13 at his Parisian home.' So she willing went to his home, TWO TIMES, and claims she was assaulted... http://time.com/5383705/gerard-depardieu-accused-r...
There are enough black millionaires in South Africa. So why the unrest? I think its the local commies.  @alternative_right @anv @seamrog @arquatrix @KMGVictoria @TomKawszynski  https://businesstech.co.za/news/wealth/121059/blac...
We're running out of WHITES (in South Africa) The nr of people leaving is an understatement because another article in Business day had different numbers. However no mention was made of farm murders etc.  https://m.news24.com/SouthAfrica/News/were-running...
Technically possible that South Africa is a systemic risk for West and the East.  1. Export health risk (40% of deaths attributed to AIDS) 2. Security risk (Desire to attack whites and American soldiers in Venezuela specifically) 3. Highly transacted currency and logistic impediment. @alternative_right @ANV @seamrog @arquatrix @KMGVictoria
Mark my words, if by some chance Pope Francis does resign all the trad Catholics are going to use that as an excuse to say everything in the Catholic church is totally fine now. Nothing to see here anymore folks.
@dickmasterson #TheDickShow - ahead of the curve.      I'm listening to Adam Carolla rant about how garbage truck divers are lazy Motherfuckers. (MasteriskFasteriskcks?)
I don’t know how I feel about Gab anymore so that’s why I haven’t been posting here as much. Is it really free speech or is it cucked now?
#memes I'm looking for memes about how truly enslaved you are if you are fat cuckold to the NWO 'freedom' of capitalism. Who gots em?
#Catholic shit is getting real...  https://onepeterfive.com/former-papal-nuncio-pope-...
The true test of the virtue of a person in the Current Year is to hear that person audibly state that white people have a right to their own spaces/neighborhoods/communities/cities/nations. #prowhite Free speech extends to free association.
Yeah... Germany's stuck with the roaches they invited in. Ha!
She's not going to help you. You're white. She's black. She wants to see you dead.  https://tribunist.com/news/security-guard-filmed-a...
Savage - The Chad Trump pays playmate of the year $150k so his supermodel wife doesn’t find out. The Virgin Bourdain pays a 16 year old boy $380,000 so the world doesn’t find out his aging ugly feminazi life partner cucked him.  https://heartiste.wordpress.com/2018/08/25/comment...
The Democratic Party Is A Domestic Terrorist Organization https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LCddoqjvLvQ&t=...
'Unhinged, Insane, and Out of Touch | Maxine Waters and Nancy Pelosi's Democratic Party ' https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SaoHJOe-aQg
Fuck the Middle East.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k5Pi7BVGy_8
Welcome to all the new Gabbers from Kenya! @KenyansOnGab  Ignore the stupid racists on here.
God I fucking love this! 😂  https://youtu.be/gCH-9_bk8TI
BREAKING NEWS! Eye-witness account of our President, Donald J. Trump, wiping his ass from back to front like an ANIMAL! Tune in now for the latest #FakeNews details.https://youtu.be/-4riDUOcU3U
@TheCartoonLoon Oh, I forgot to tell you. Now that you're here, you're officially an alt-right, KKK, white-supremacist, neo-Nazi, racist scum. How does it feel?
If trans-women were biologically women, the phrase 'trans-women' would not exist, you fucking nutcase.
The motherfucking Sargon.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fhelSuCKlMs
The amount of #Jew hatred that I see on #Gab makes me question why I don't see it that way myself. Here's a thought... If #Jews are responsible for what people here claim, the blame is still ours for being weak minded enough to have let it happen. Anger at Jews instead of ourselves is similar to #blacks being angry at #whites instead of taking #responsibility, no?
Fake. If you're tying to prove something as desperately as you seem to be doing, at least be real and don't edit the text.    Hell, it takes 2 seconds to inspect element. This is just plain pathetic shitty editing. You can tell they used some paint program and JPEG compression.
That'll explain the inane smile on Obuma Bin Lying's face...Trump must have exceptionally big feet... Otherwise his shoe would have definitely already fallen out of Obuma's butt on its own. #Humor #Politics #ObumaBinLying
The ultimate in 'Progressive Bullshit'... literally #Humor #Libtardation
Graphic depiction of obvious 'Libtardation' in a percentage the deluded population#Humor #Politics #Libtardation
Hitlery Clinton's book of fiction and total delusion is now selling (or not) at less than half the price of discounted toilet rolls...    ROTFLMaybe she should have made it more valuable by following the Washington Post's new format... with serrated edges on every page.They can't even sell copies of it in Venezuela, as loo paper replacements. Mind you, Hitlery's book would be extremely handy...
Latest ISIS inspired Aloha Snackbar flags for the Muslim masses finally revealed to their fanatical, deluded, rabid followers...Now available on sale at Muslim indoctrination mosques, in a town near you.As approved by:  Ali Bin Goatshagin & Obuma Hussein Bin Lying #Humor #AlohaSnackbar
CNN’s Van Jones: If Teachers are Armed, They’ll Start Shooting Minority Kids  https://bluntforcetruth.com/cnns-van-jones-if-teac...
Retarded yankee political eunuch demands Alabama voters to reject Roy Moore. LOL!   https://www.cincinnati.com/story/news/politics/201...
'Michelle Wolf' by @Last https://gab.ai/tv/watch/13494 This Pig is Nasty
Nog gets into a fistfight with a real monkey after the monkey takes exception with having a flip flop thrown at him https://www.liveleak.com/view?t=ZzaE_1527528450
The US degenerate cultural death spiral continues unabated. Here is a new twist to the 'fuck her right in the pussy' trope from a few years ago. Now white women are interrupting live broadcasts with 'fuck us right in our pussy'. Keep it classy ladies. https://www.liveleak.com/view?t=kATcr_1527093833
Holy shit, the man who shouted 'Shut the fuck up, you fucking loudmouthed monkey motherfucker,I can’t listen to your fucking black ass no more' to loudmouthed negress charged with felony hate crime. Burn it all down, US is fucked beyond repair https://nypost.com/2018/05/24/lirr-rider-charged-w...
Nog & Asian fight in waiting room of medical clinic in Las Vegas. Only white person in waiting room is overweight boomer. Fag employee tries to calm everybody down until black cop arrives on scene. I wonder what the Italian hating Las Vegas sheriff from Casino thinks of all this diversity  Weimerica2018 https://www.liveleak.com/view?t=uETEo_1526974370
Moldovan President condemns faggotry & is pissed off that local authorities & police allowed LGBT march & teargassed anti-fag protesters.  “I strongly condemn the actions of the authorities and the police that ensured the march. These are values that are alien to us, which I do not accept ” http://orthochristian.com/113136.html
The Antifa leaders who tore down the Silent Sam Confederate statue on August 20 on the University of North Carolina campus were also integrally involved in Antifa activities at the fatal “Unite the Right” rally in Charlottesville, Virginia in 2017 https://bit.ly/2MEYLaV
@Penllyn‍ @mjrodksu‍ @Sidephase‍ @RaviCrux‍ @DeadMessenger @John77 @FrLemmen‍ @Sidephase @rsmccain @sine_injuria  No  he called #ThomasMix a pedophile because of his aggressive support for statutory rapists Kaitlyn Hunt who has sex with a minor.  Not to mention, just how many people has the #VeroBeachCrybully falsely accused of being a pedophile?
Why there are so many retards spiting out antisemitism ? Where do they learn that?
Definitely Skid Row is the best band ever existed.    ...and whoever disagrees is a fag
If you think state regulations will fix anything, I want you to know that you are fucking stupid...and probably a commie as well.
Between #Little and #Fuentes, Fuentes obviously comes off as the lesser phenotype in both mind and body.
I've been proposing a FEED SETTINGS toggle for some time. It would just display comments as old style replies, de-contexed from the wall of filthy vomit. But the grifter @a  has such a deep pathological hatred for OG users that I postulate that comments are designed to DRIVE US OFF. It won't work. I will plague this fucker to infinity and beyond.
#Killstream: Argento Busted, Warren Lunacy, Sweden's 'Problem,' + UK Backs South Africa Thugs https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mSDtoppugww LIVE TONIGHT at 11PM EST
Gary Lineker is a TWAT and  Mark Zuckerberg is a CUNT.    Phew, quite liberating to get that off my chest, in an echo chamber.
'WOW I never thought about it but your lips could be my transition to black dick -- wait nevermind you seem like you'd stick around if we had a child'    real quote from my girlfriend that would get me banned on facebook and twitter    thanks gab for letting me bring you this spicy chisme
Hypocrisy? These dumbasses realize comparing Michelle Bachman to someone from 'Planet of the Apes' is NOT the same as comparing Valerie Jarrett to someone from 'Planet of the Apes'.
BTW, I was suspended after I sent a tweet calling Elizabeth Banks 'a trashy slut.' Since when is she a protected class? (In reality, I was probably banned because of a bunch of butt-hurt idiots from Oakland.)
REMOVE THE ABRAHAMIC VENEER AND THEIR FALSE HISTORY My favorite part about 'Right Wing' Enthocentrists is how they superimpose Aryan imagery over Jewish ideas. Jehovah isn't a vengeful volcano demon, he's a bearded guy in the sky who looks like Zeus! The afterlife isn't drab nonexistence in Sheol, it's atop a mountain in the clouds like Mount Olympus!
WHY is this idiot my country's prime minister? What is wrong with Canadians, that they'd elect this manchild to represent us?   #Canada #Trudeau   http://www.breitbart.com/tech/2017/11/29/trudeau-c...
Lol. @pnehlen has become a massive swedish homosex. Proud of you, nigga
That would be a mistake.   We have been in the shit with some of la Jaune, and have seen a very high degree of competence and professionalism.  This fellow is not of that type.
Mainstream Muslims on murder of gays! https://youtu.be/AkXfs8VDu2Q
I’ve finally seen peak leftist stupidity. Arguing on fb with the Brit friend of a friend who is adamant that USA has more than one mass shooting a day. I check his site, and discover that mass shooting is defined as 1 person shooting another. I fucking hate the uk.
@AdorableDeplorable7 @KetzerHexe @Xdpaul @diabaguette @bigsnout @PepeReagan @careyetta @Rorschach1 @docj @Magi    The left created a rabid dog name Antifa and turned it loose on the neighborhood.  And now... http://www.michaelfmartin.com/why-are-the-politici...
@cincinchili @Wolverines @LonesomeHomestead @Don @CLAUDIA @BrotherLarry @CzarofFreedom @justspring @MCPR @Ricky_Vaughn99    Antifa is a rabid dog that was fed by the progressives. Now they want it put down. http://www.michaelfmartin.com/why-are-the-politici...
FUCK LONDON ! Disgusting ! I WILL REMMEBER THIS DISRESPECT .... Everytime there is an Islamic terror attack .....
All liberals are a plague but White liberals are a special kinda plague
astonishing ........ how stupid mother fuckas are   where were they when scalise got shot I despise liberals ! So much!
Inside America’s devil-worshipping church where Satan lovers burn bibles and use menstrual blood for rituals in the heart of the US bible belt. https://tiny.iavian.net/oi73
Joke about it, go to prison with a bunch of sandniggers @realemilyyoucis‍
How successful has President Trump been at igniting a civil war between democrat oligarchs? Word for word from the “memo” Crazy Comey wrote & the portion that somehow made it out for public viewing, Comey offering his opinion on former AG’s; “I said I thought AG Holder was smarter & more sophisticated & smoother than AG Lynch, who I added is a good person” Very.
Hmmm... investigate the Obama admin? New term?? “Obama-cide”??
Trump reminding the communist swine about their beliefs... looking right at them sung ho is a hard core motherfucker. Good man.
People like this need put down, euthanized. Not just thrown into prison for us to pay for their food and care for decades. https://www.breitbart.com/texas/2018/07/13/texas-m... #MAGA #Trump ##GabFam
Gowdy did nothing to #Hillary for her private server    Yet he'll throw a shit fit over Jared doing far less    Fuck Gowdy and his soap box   http://www.breitbart.com/big-government/2017/09/25... #Gab #GabFam #MAGA #Trump #Kushner
DACA is cancer   #Gab #Trump #MAGA #GabFam
My entire'English Class'was about how to convince #Trump to have mercy on illegal immigrants who carry drugs    Allow open borders    Stop building a wall    Allow EVERY illegal to stay   &   Disband Border Patrol    College is a collective group-think w/loser teachers who think they're god   #Gab #GabFam #MAGA
Kanye West    The crying loudmouth man who is more ill behaved than a child    Is running for President    His cheap pornstar wife wants to be First Lady    Their gross daughter, who literally had to be photoshopped as a baby for being ugly, is still gross    Long live #Trump   #Gab #GabFam #MAGA #Trump2020
President Trump is right. The media is the enemy of the people. Vice and the notoriously racist New York Times columnist Sarah Jeong teamed up to journalistically destroy a Chinese girl on YouTube. (Naomi Wu).
Advice for those offended by 9/11 memorials; don't visit them. We don't give a damn about your opinion. Your radical religion attacked our freedom. We won't forget and we will never back down. | #RedNationRising
The destruction of NC state property could have been prevented when Silent Sam was destroyed, had police chief Chris Blue not gave stand down orders. Broward isn't the only county with a coward. | #RedNationRising
Good morning racist, Nazi, alt-right echo chamber!
Hey ya'll Stephen Colbert was reminiscing about Obama's 55th birthday party at the White House and how fucking GREAT IT WAS! BEST PARTY EVER!
look imma be blunt here: FUCK 'thoughts and prayers' for @SenJohnMcCain. Fuck McCain. He can rot in Hell, which is where he is absofuckinlutely going. Fucking traitor.
guys...GUYS!!!! Allen Weiesselberg was GRANTED IMMUNITY in the Michael Cohen case! THE SHIT IS GOING TO HIT THE FAN NOW!!! DRUMPF will finally be impeached!!!  These losers actually believe this shit. They haven't found SHIT in TWO YEARS...but *NOW* they're finally going to bring Trump down!!! /wank
Online now only those who are horny in Sarah Palin.
The last paragraph of this Delingpole article states; 'Of course we know that the way liberals think is stupid and wrong. But surely we’re not so harsh as to believe that the punishment for their mental illness should be death?' That is debatable. In a longer article about this event, it comes out that this couple were menaced repeatedly, and almost robbed in that region of the world. So, they k...
Just in case you didn't think the Left had truly lost their collective minds... (I appreciate these little reminders from time to time.) https://medium.com/s/greatescape/your-climate-chan...
I've been a big defender of Apple in the past because they do a much better job with security / encryption than the rest of the industry... But this shit is beyond the pale. There's no sensationalism headline puffery here, this is exactly as bad as it looks. FUCK TIM COOK with a nail-studded bat... https://gizmodo.com/paul-manafort-learns-that-encr...
Dishonesty is fundamental to progressives, their cause is always about an imagined future whose cure cannot pass the test of experience. Progressives want to concentrate power in the hands of the state to control and subjugate you. Can you name a progressive claim that came true. #SpeakFreely
this never gets old! DemocRats https://twitter.com/WatchChad/status/9661576843985...
http://www.dailywire.com/news/24065/msnbc-contribu...    sam seder is a absolut idiot and a danger to his kid.   how can a dad say such an outlandish thing?   fuck sam and fuck the minority ....ähh i mean majority report
Brett Cavanagh wasn’t my first choice (Amy Barrett was my first choice) to be the nominee for the Supreme Court but he’s a hell lot better than Hillary would of put on the Supreme Court.
Crypto Jews http://www.jrbooksonline.com/intl_jew_full_version...
I find it unbelievable that McSally won over Kelli Ward. what the hell is wrong with AZ. they want another John McCain?
I own shares in twitter and am not allowed on it lol. I used to have so much fun calling journalists retards.
Trump meets with the House Intelligence Committee tomorrow.  Trey Gowdy to Democrats who want to attend - 'Don't leak like a sieve after the meeting is over.'  Democrats ...
#SellOutSessions #JusticeDenied #Trump    Let's get colonial on these traitors... give them due process and hang them.   http://madworldnews.com/jeff-sessions-owe-fbi-agen...
There should be one more choice...who gives a shit
Crap! This changes everything
Isn't that the point? dumbass
This Halloween. Scare the stupid out of the Communist and Socialist.
The #USOpen crowd at #Shinnecock are literally the most rude gallery in sport. Screaming like beagles after EVERY SHOT. You expect it from the Phoenix Open but these New Yorkers are yelping unintelligible trash at the highest volumes EVERY SINGLE SWING. New York should never be allowed to host a US Open ever again. #QuietPlease #Gab
Could Sheila Jackson Lee be any more stupid?! Fireworks! #DiamondAndSilk Shut Down Democrat Sheila Jackson Lee At #Facebook Censorship Hearing (Video) https://www.teaparty.org/fireworks-diamond-silk-sh...
I love when liberals complain about their healthcare/health insurance because I know they voted for Obama.  You did this to yourself and to others! Take responsibility that you voted for a shit man. Who did shit things.
damn they got alex jones, that's sus
That's what makes enduring the morons, trolls and assholes on the interwebz worthwhile... ...That we can share with, encourage, laugh with and nourish each other across the ether and even if we never meet in the flesh we are the better for it! It's a beautiful thing!
Don't forget the most demonized and hated broadcast by the demon globalist and MSM That's right ! It's the Alex Jones and the Infowar www.infowars.com/show
@BlueVino BTR put a new policy in meaning that you will have to delete a shitload of episodes. You have the maximum of 30 plan hours to record shows unless you buy a paid plan. PURE BULLSHIT. What the hell is wrong with BTR these days? Fucking assholes.
Why do 'Liberals' believe girls are the sacrificial offering to third world a-holes. See this with muslim rape gangs, central american illegals. I thought females were also a protected group, and if not we should bring back chivalry. Swords and all.
What sounds like fingernails scraping down a chalkboard but is less funny? #MichelleWolf #WHCA
#DayOfTheLibtards
#TwitterFucks This was my 3rd twitter account...
#PervPastor copping feels at Aretha Franklin's funeral. Nothing but a bunch of thug . criminals #ArethaFranklinFuneral #FridayFeeling #SpeakFreely
Make this person go viral. Her number is attached. #IslamIsTheProblem
So, @paul47’s , are you saying I am a “Nobody...”? Because I do “give a rat’s ass about what happens in Nigeria”, particularly to Christians. What exactly have you done personally that has so strained you physically and mentally that you now suffer from “compassion fatigue”? Sounds a lot like you might be a snowflake who needs a safe space to help shield you from the mean old world...
In case I'm gone tomorrow, please know this: I voted against that incompetent, lying, rabid, double-talking, radical socialist, terrorist excusing, narcissistic, economic moron that spent eight years in our White House trying to destroy our wonderful country and turn it into a Muslim loving, socialist crap hole like he came from and I don’t mean Hawaii!
IF the libtards and socialists (also known as libtards) keep trying to bring down OUR President, me and 63,000,000 of my closest friends will be in your face BIGGLY. And we know what to do because I am Jungle Warfare qualified and I did bring home 3 Bronze Stars from the Nam....AND I have never forgotten my oath.
Obama...It was You:  It was you who spoke these words at Islamic dinner 'I am one of you.'  It was you who on TV referenced 'My Muslim faith.'  It was you who gave $100 million in U.S. taxpayer funds to re-build foreign mosques.  It was you who wrote that in the event of a conflict 'I will stand with the Muslims.'  It was you who said this country is not a Christian nation.
An illegal immigrant from Mexico stands accused of killing college student Mollie Tibbetts and dumping her body in an Iowa cornfield — after he allegedly accosted her during a July 18 jog and she threatened to call police. Cristhian Bathena Rivera, 24, was charged with first-degree murder. Just another nail to build that wall NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I said i would never fly again since the TSA. There are 2 reasons i wouyld fly today. My mom on her death bed or after killary is tried, convicted and publicly hung.
Haven't posted in some time. Here is one. When the hell are we going to get religion out of politics? Religion is a political party that is trying to control you. Why would anyone want to be controlled by power hungry freaks of nature?
Ahhhh.  It's been eleventy meelyun years since I got to sit down, have a beer, and make an ass of myself on Gab. I missed this so hard.   :  )
Dear White South Africans: (hug) (stage whisper)  I think you should burn everything that will burn, smash whatever else is left, and salt the fucking ground.
Still love you Nazi-shitlord-Deplorable dears. I just got done spending the summer with my niece. Current mood:  bereft
1)   TY for any notifications, I'm so sorry I can't respond politely at the moment 2) I'm leaving in less than 3 days to spend 2 months about 1 hour from my niece EEEEEEE 3) That's so many numbers, ew math 4) I do still love the #gabfam and I'm not gone, just, STUPID busy.  Should have peace and 'vacation' soon, to come derp at you all.  :  )  5) Never give up, never surrender!
Shitlibs who have spent their entire lives social climbing, acquiring all the right credentials and virtue signaling, are deeply wounded that someone like Trump, with his working class vernacular and mannerisms, could come along and take a big messy shit all over their pretensions. - MDE
This tribalism is the problem with libertarianism – if you allow liberty, people will use it to synthesize smaller ingroups within the larger group in order to dominate the detribalized majority. - Jim
The message is loud and clear in all white countries: “these goyim need to shut their filthy mouths, lay down and die as we replace them with brown people.” - Andrew Anglin
What the Fuck happened to Hip-Hop? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QPRmFJ_U8Ug
IG #Horowitz about to drop report it's almost #Huber Time, the #DOJ 's sneaky elf #JeffSessions is going to spring the trap & hold the traitors #Comey #Clapper #StefanHalper #Hillary the entire #Clinton cabal, #Podesta #JohnBrennan #LorettaLynch (Chimp) et al accountable#Trump #MAGA #TheGreatAwakening #KAG2020
#4chan #8chan #reddit ID'd many #AntiFa fags & found Shia Lebouf and his flag Wonder how long it'll take us to find #StefanHalper #Trump #TheGreatAwakening #MAGA #KAG2020 #USA #2A #BBMA #Mueller
Well look who caught a fucking clue! Only 6 months later. #QdenierJackProsobiec thinks he's clever.
Dumbass #JackProsobiec outs himself again as a self important ego shill trying to counter #Qanon. 'XBox and PS don't have chat logs'. -Jack Even on the surface for a non-gamer this is an idiotic statement.  https://twitter.com/intheMatrixxx/status/103013226...
Who's in charge of this board? Can we get the concern fags and shills out of here please?
#FailedStrategy Facts: Florida has a fairly high number of former Cubans who fled communism, and plenty of businesses Their failing strategy: nominate a socialist. Raise corporate taxes. They fail to realize that Cubans that fled communism know bull shit when they hear it, and money is rather fluid, following the path of least resistance. Result: Cuban Americans turn out bigly for the mid-...
The Copts: Yay, Jesus!  Jesus: *frowning* Shut up, you guys.
Scene: 1960s typical suburban home with Mom flying around doing laundry, fussing with children, letting dog out. Phone rings. 1960s mom: Hello?  Random stranger: Hey, got a minute to listen to me describe my penis to you?  1960sM: *sighs, lights a cigarette* Oh, all right. But make it fast.
I mean, in the olden times, if you were to randomly contact some person from the phone book and start saying a bunch of freakish shit, you'd promptly be arrested. But now it's de riguer. (sp)
You either support Trump or you start memorizing your list of tranny pronouns. Because the mother fucking Left is coming for you.
Democrat, Gavin Newsom is running for Governor in California. He wants to give illegal immigrants free heath care. Wow! Many tax paying legal citizens can't afford healthcare and he wants to use tax dollars to buy free health care for illegals?? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z12Vp4o5zgU
Got a idiot on here called @lolicon who's proving my point! And apparently this shits on gab too! 😒
There is a vile desturbing trend on the website 4chan called 'loli' usually on the /b/ board. This is outright child porn but the it's cartoon excuse is used IT'S NOT A FUCKING CARTOON IF THE CHARACTERS ARE DRAWN AS CHILDREN AND YOU CALL IT SOMETHING OTHER THAN NORMAL PORN THAN IT'S CLEARLY PEDOPHILIA!
https://www.ashemaletube.com/videos/398744/can-u-d... holy shit! 😲😍 #nsfw
#MetalEveryday Every Fucking Day!🤘😈🤘  https://youtu.be/NxviGrBMKKY
#MetalEveryDay 🤘😈🤘 Every Fucking Day!! Always love the Ladies of Metal😈  https://youtu.be/uyByj5F9ZjQ
How long before one of these actors who are constantly threatening our President and his entire family pull a John Wilkes Booth (Actor) on him? Trump does too many public events where famous people are at. It's not out of the question that one of these mentally ill cocksuckers may take an opportunity to become infamous because they believe in their cause.
Just dumped #Netflix Fuck Obama's propaganda outlet.
Hahahahahahahaha How The Fuck Are Homeless People Real Hahahaha Nigga Just Get a Job Like Nigga Flip Some Burgers Haha
The Left and the Democratic Party is imploding.  God bless Donald Trump.  Michael LeBron (Lionel Nation on Ewe Toob) has abandoned the Democrat party.  Mr. Democrat voting for Trump!!! Hell has frozen over.  Read ‘em and weep Acasio-Cortez...  WINNING! https://youtu.be/dkFUqkWXDk4
Maybe Donald Fagan was right.  'Show Biz Kids makin' movies of themselves, you know they don't give a Fuck about anybody else'  - Donald Fagan, Show Biz Kids. I expect this young man will be found the victim of suicide.  Here's a playlist you might find interesting: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4pkda_vFjD...
Hell now has another eternal POW Too soon? No, too late. Better late than never, tho
Identity theft in the US is a problem existing almost entirely on account of illegal aliens. Several years ago I found the correlation between ID theft rate and foreign-born population percentage to correlate at a staggering .75 at the state level https://anepigone.blogspot.com/2008/06/more-immigr...
Streaming more Brainlord and we're gonna finish this bitch! https://www.twitch.tv/lazy_brain_games
Back on my bullshit streaming Brainlord https://www.twitch.tv/lazy_brain_games
Bill the Serial Rapist Clinton said: “I think the norms have really changed in terms of what you can do to somebody against their will, how much you can crowd their space, make them miserable at work. You don’t have to physically assault somebody to make them, you know, uncomfortable at work or at home or in their other—just walking around.”
https://www.realclearpolitics.com/video/2016/08/22... Bill the Serial Rapist & Krooked Kkkillary went to Aretha Franklin funeral to make sure the negros there understand that the Clintons are still in 'power'. ... ...And a reminder to  the 'blacks that they are super predators that need to be brought to heel.'
INVALIDATE Obastard's presidency first.👹
Sloppy fat girl get trolled http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-6120557/Me...
Another  fascist  'newspaper'  nears death,   Has a long history of publishing idiots  https://www.cjr.org/business_of_news/village-voice...
Fuck the troops
Racists be like we hate ZOG so lets go fight for them
I hope a big tittied Israeli kills @Patrick_little‍
I hope this county becomes 90% black and @pnehlen‍'s wife gets gang raped by a bunch of niggers.
Did he also hire a fag Jew before he was redpilled?
FINALLY ! 👍😁   Twitter suspended my account.   Glad I'm done with it.   No more waste of time making some piece of shit like Jack Dorsey rich and keeping a bunch of leftist activists employed.
Liberal White women are garbage people - I hope they all meet Mollie Tibbetts' fate. Here's another one for the trash heap:http://archive.fo/8htSI
Epic comment thread on Mollie Tibbett's self-hating-but-now-ironic 'I hate White people' Twatter post (also brutal stuff on other posts where she hates on Trump and his policies against illegal immigration).https://twitter.com/Motibbs/status/940792919266680...
Is anyone here surprised by this? Senator (((Brian Schatz))) (D-HI) supports #SarahJeong and #WhiteGenocideAt least the Dems are finally coming out of the closet as White-haters! https://twitter.com/brianschatz/status/10255774559...
In 50 years either humanity will exist or Israel will exist.  Not both.
Any honest Jewish person should be able to admit the truth, if they're honest.  Anywhere across time and space in the Western world their people have gained a majority of power has rapidly descended into chaos and turned into a shithole country.  Again, any honest Jewish person should at least admit that truth.
A pro-Trump rally at an NRA convention would be the safest place on Earth for any Jew or black man. An Antifa rally isn't safe for anyone.
Calls Grow for Arrest of Asshat Gloria Allred Over Forged Document – Including Accuser’s Stepson! http://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2017/11/calls-grow... #MAGA #PresidentTrump #Trump #DrainTheSwamp #News #SpeakFreely #GabFam
30 odd years ago when I worked retail,  we had a work birthday for a colleague. Someone had the bright idea for an erotic cake. A giant sheet cake with a pair of boobs. It was hilarious and quite tasty. Could you even do that nowadays?
Dammit,  you all asked for this!  @OccamsEpilady  https://youtu.be/RVh179oXFao
When my sister was little (7, maybe?) She asked for a Slim Whitman record for Christmas. Never got it, but we still give her crap about it now. She's 46.
I get you. I recall the big brew-ha-ha over Burrito Gate when I first moved here and thought that was absurd. However, I wasn't surprised at the situation. Coming from Boston I was more than well aware of how this PC crap just takes over like Kudzu.
This whole thing was a mess from the beginning. Half-assed wellness checks by SFPD (they can't enter the domicile to actually check); multiple requests by family & neighbors; finally did something when nasty odors starting wafting out. Evidence of heavy duty cleaning supplies being used.
It's crazy. I just don't get it. Here in self-centered SF the ratio is easily 10 - 1 iPhone to Android. And here's the thing: the display seems clunky and the cameras take crappy video/pics. Morons.
Mike Cernovich is RT’ing Tolerant Fellow & Trunp is Tweeting at Tucker about having Pompeo look into the confiscation of white farmers’ land in South Africa. Wew, lads. Powerful 24 hours.
Got back on Twitter for a day, got multiple RT's and almost 300 followers from a single Tweet. They just killed my account. What's the fucking point anymore?
@countdankula‍ Has just been convicted of being 'Grossly Offensive' under the Communications Act in #Scotlandhttps://youtu.be/7_MxAXaKzOU
You are dreaming. The place you are trying to save never existed. No need to fight to save that civilisation. Damn. #Lovecraft #Horror #Fiction https://www.counter-currents.com/2010/10/polaris/
DIVERSITY IS CODE WORD FOR WHITE GENICIDE!!!!
#FuckCancer #RIP #Repeal
https://blogs.spectator.co.uk/2018/08/the-real-les...  This kind of pathological altruism is what the 'left' appears to be all about at the moment. It's vain, stupid, and is against the rule of law. #immigration #deportation #Islam #news
Like a cancer destroying it's host. They push this ideology to bring current social construct down, weaken the foundation. Replace it with authoritarian tyranny far from meritocracy. Installed Czars, inquisitions, tribunals, censorship & lies. Dems are moving to they're final form of Marxism.
There are whispers in the machine that say #JonStewart is next. :)    Boy will I be happy to see that smug little man get knocked off his high horse. Watching one of the lefts most beloved political character assassin getting some of his own treatment would be a nice gift for Christmas.
Sorry I've still been away #GabFam. Another bout of diverticulitis has been kicking the shit out of me - literally! - but I'm almost over it now. I spent some time getting put back together at the VA, and I think they had a couple of nuts and bolts left over. Hope you're all doing well and had an awesome #IndependenceDay!!
IDK, my favorite was "Icelandic Women are Whores" Happy New Year and Hail Victory
White #nationalism is a much abused term. It is not an aspiration for racial #supremacy,not a form of racial #hatred or eugenic social engineering,but rather a movement which champions the New World’s “white nation.” https://www.counter-currents.com/2011/10/white-nationalism-is-not-anti-semitism/
 Donald J. Trump‏Verified account @realDonaldTrump  What a year it’s been, and we're just getting started. Together, we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Happy New Year!!  https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/947544600918372353
Note that the same people who say keeping quiet will help Iranian protesters think that the best strategy to defeat Trump is to protest constantly and be as vocal as possible.
Mohammed discovered that motorcycles go much faster than camels
Bitch, I'm a whole apple.
Happy new year, based cuck-slayer Nehlen.
Ahhh right that's who Palpatine always reminded me of. Nancy Pelosi.  Golly was that intentional?  #GeorgeLucas
I have no goal.  I just know with reasonable certainty you’re a fag.
MTV is now a liberal dick suck fest as well. 
I agree; only feminists are crazy...  http://www.harpersbazaar.com/culture/politics/a14504503/women-arent-crazy/
https://kek.gg/i/3BwfNH.jpg Clean your fucking room and stay off those tripping drugs! #moron
What is YOUR level of science education?  The only way to debunk science is with MORE SCIENCE.  Ignorant undegreed fools need not apply.
Aw, ya had ta mention it...#HangTheBitches
Ultimately I don’t give a shit about Iranian women or Iran. Iran is stable for that region and it does not Harbor Israel’s best friend ISIS. Perhaps YOU wish to die for Iranian freedom? I don’t give a fuck 
Why is he concerned he let the fucking things in.
Irl I would smack the shit out of your skank face and you would beg for forgiveness 
We need to not give a shit about Israel. Israel will never be our partners when they continue to get away with stabbing us in the back. Israel is also a safe haven for jewish criminals of all types.
The debt of the West caused by Socialism & immigration. E U is 11 trillion in debt.  Western Europe is 65 trillion. USA is 20 trillion. Economic death of Western Civ  Caused by Marixm that is endorsed by liberals 
Bruh, he's got a Rick and Morty avatar. I bet he Fucking Loves Science and is an enlightened, euphoric atheist. You're out of your league.
Yes. Pious anti-racist Americans love niggers. Quiet niggers who are polite and work for a living. They don’t like loud lecturing niggers who don’t know their place. Loud-mouth niggers push people right. Loudmouth WNs make normies feel comfy being to the right of trump. They feel more in the middle
Unbelievable  You just couldn't make a story like that up. Satan is at his work again  God help us all. The World that you created Lord has been raped, sodomized, slaughtered and destroyed by the evil within ie; islam, homosexuals and political correctness mad men and women. 
#GruntFreePress #Podcast Episode 129 is out:  http://www.gruntfreepress.com/ear-shit/  Topics - #Okami HD, Big Picture Mode, gibberish, wolf #Zelda, Zzzzzz, #Retropie version 2, heat sinks, partitions, "Error 5", SSH protocol, #RetroArch, cores, #RobocopVersusTerminator, #Chakan  #VideoGames #Gaming
Sheer audacity of the cuck ben shapiro His explanation is "I wasn't wrong, Trump was wrong" He says Trump campaigned different to what he is governing as, and he's broken every promise by doing not what he stated, but 90% of what Ben wanted. Fucking foul, slimy liar. He lied before, and he lies now.
Get the fuck out of my way cucks! Hahaha that’s my President! 
Trust me, Zionist Puppet Trump will not surprise you. He will do it, and you know it.
This is total BULL SHIT..http://www.breitbart.com/tech/2018/01/02/germany-to-begin-enforcing-hate-speech-laws-on-social-media-sites/
Live Now topics attract posts for visibility reasons, i suspect very few people in this topic would be making these muh sportsball muh niggerball posts at all were there not a topic prominently displayed for them to do so in. It reminds me of trained seals, clapping on cue. It's all very wrong
Lol yeah, wanting to live in a safe place where people dont get murdered and blown up is sooo hateful. I dare you to find one thing ive said that is even remotely hateful. im waiting :)
This is too good! Remember the Canadian 'backpackers' caught by Taliban? Look at that idiot Trudeau, simpering over a wee jihadi baby! 2018 starts off great! This calls for Scotch. http://www.cbc.ca/beta/news/canada/ottawa/joshua-boyle-ottawa-charges-1.4470475
Infowars just posted a pic of an ISIS idiot in front of something in NY.  DeBlasio probably bought them airfare to get here, and the barriers will make him look like he gives a shit.  We know better.  Libtards don't.
A lot of them. Lol if you read the thread, they’re all accusing me of being fake like the white nationalist cuck snowflakes accuse me on Gab. 
Listen up you fucking N.Y. Times > Mitt Romney cannot run for Senate Seat in Utah, because HE DOES NOT FUCKING LIVE THERE.  Mitt lives in MASSACHUSETTS.  How dense can you fucking people get? 
you haven't done those things because you spent your 20's dying your penis yellow @AndrewAnglin and all I have is this clear glass thing 
Its 100% bullshit. When establishment on both sides of the isle agree its always bad.
These crooked bastards are going to nail a couple staffers and let Hillary skate again. I guarantee you a Clinton representative has contacted EVERY Congressman  and reminded them of how things work in DC and what dirt they have on them. JUST WATCH........
I am pretty right of center, but I have a problem with Marxism/Collectivism in all of its forms. Some brown people are intellectuals, some can run a 4-minute mile. Some white people are thick as shit and morbidly obese. I'm an individualist, so please don't think this fuckwit speaks for me.
safe from police/usafe from niggers http://www.breitbart.com/big-government/2018/01/01/blm-protests-baltimore-residents-blaming-murder-increase-lack-police/
I think the little nose goblin should go stand with Israel...in Israel. Make Alliyah, you little genetic horror.
Him being a faggot is an argument against him. Faggots are disgusting and degenerate. 
They worship themselves and their shoah myths. Sadly taxpayers pay for their strange cult. Ditto with the Muslim pigs. 
While I understand your feeling, this is actually the teachable moment.  If not for the retard using the ad hominem, then possibly for people listening nearby.
Newsweek made a point to assure the bitch bun wearing beta cucks and feminazi's that GAB is an isolated social media outlet with a small audience. Fast forward to a year from now when GAB will have users in the hundreds of thousands.They'll be crying by the masses and screaming at the sky.  
He lost me when he cucked to the eternal Jew.
She needs to be fuct by a box of 12 gauge tbh.
HMMMM if only presidents can pass/push certain bills, or repeal past policies/bills... u colossal mongoloid 
MN Congressman/DNC Chairman Keith Ellison:  “I just found the book that strikes fear into President Trump.” 😂  What an idiot. 🙄 Democrats are not only delusional, they really ARE stupid!
That is exactly what went through my head....Hill burning dead bodies 😱
So we'll let women into the job market, so their livelihood can depend on feckless men.  Brilliant!
Pro-America is pro-White. Nonwhites are not American and only want to destroy America. You can't be pro-America unless you're pro-White. That's what we need to pound into the heads of these worthless cucks.
Where are the hoards of the Pussy Marchers and Anti fascist clowns that virtue signal about Trump and come out in their thousands. And stay silent when people protest about real adversity, hardship and oppression and the Islamic fascist place are called on to quell demonstrations.     
Evie, I can procreate with your other half. 
I can hardly see Kathir being a hypocrite, looks like you’ve found another liar for Allah playing silly buggers with the infidel @fakeprophetmo
---You aren't free of adultery until she is begging for the d and you refuse.
lol--HOLY SHIT I never thought of that.  Gotta admit, their tactics are fucking genius.  But they have had 1000s of years to polish them.  Like cigarettes--HAS SUGAR IN IT making it very difficult to quit.  Especially chewing tobacco.
Then out to the back porch swing for a quick rub job thru the trousers and titty feels before heading home for the night.
Just because you have a piece of paper calling you a 'citizen,' doesn't make you American. Just like Mexico sends back her ILLEGALS, who actually are the same race as Mexicans, so, too, will America restore the They all have to go' mindset of the Truman era. Because you will NEVER be American.
Absolutely no tolerance for DACA and no anchor babies either! And let's see if there's a way to get rid of the legal immigrants since the 60's/70's.
CIA, FBI, CNN, MSNBC, CBS, ABC, NYT, HUFF POST & THE REST OF THE LYING HACKS! America knows that ALL OF YOU MET WITH FUSION to commit treason and took money! We will find you out after we get the bank statements as per COURT ORDER! Try to cut a deal NOW, your fellow scumbag will squeal on YOU! #MAGA
It really is simple President Trump needs to hold a press briefing and reveal he is ordering the FBI and Justice Department to turn over all information submitted to the FISA Court that authorized the investigation to the oversight committee.   
Trumps 1st year was all about salvaging the country.  Mission accomplished!  Trumps 2nd year will be about savaging all of America's enemies.  #TheStorm #QAnon #DeepState Domestic enemies...  They cannot hide.
I keep reading this stuff about Macron and I'm amazed. THIS is the guy who squatted on the carpet at Merkel's feet!? It's like someone gifted him a pair of balls.
Chelsea Clintons mouth reminds me of a Bowling Alley, with far too many pins..
Looks like Wolf just likes to drop names in the middle of the garbage he writes...All part of the Anti-Trump attack.
This is not the week to trust Breitbart. 
I swear, it should be illegal for niggers to possess, own, or handle firearms at this point.
I'm sure they are well pleased they brung up a terrorist who's easily brainwashed. Maybe he was bullied at school and Islam made him feel special 🤣
you're lying, and then lying again, eunuch imbecile, you're a cocksucking, stupid, lying piece of trash. You're lying and then you you lie some more  https://alternative-right.blogspot.com .https://www.splcenter.org/fighting-hate/extremist-files/ideology/alt-right
THIS ASSHOLE HAS GOT TO GO !!!
Why waste the money nuking them? Let them kill each other.
I used to hike here at Red Rock Canyon when I lived in Las Vegas 1999-2001   before all the shit happened.  I worked at the New Aladdin Casino, three nights a week now re-named Planet Hollywood..... you know the rest! [Video]  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cRaNwPGcQcM
LMFAO--"digital gold" -- You own nothing. The Rothschilds create blockchain tech then use it to scam the masses into buying 'gold' that doesn't exist ANYWHERE.  These same people buying it will also say "the dollar isn't worth anything." You can still buy shit with it.  Bitcoin = ZIONIST PONZI TRAP
CNN is fake So is #transgenderism Fuck your fake pronouns
Went to Walmart with my 37yo brother today. They wouldn't let him buy beer for himself because I didn't show ID. What the hell? My mom has bought alcohol at Publix with me next to her since I was a baby. My brother was peeved and went elsewhere for the beer.
Jews are winning bigly  Let's change that 
Breaking: Dindusha who fed shit to 4yo girl supports ISIS.   DOX INFO IN PREVIOUS POST. MAY GOD UNLEASH HELL UPON THIS NEGRESS. #DEUSVULT #StarbucksContamination @realemilyyoucis 
I divide my time between not giving a fuck about Reese Witherspoon and actively disliking Reese Witherspoon 
I caught my dog eating her own shit.  Reminded me of every liberal I've ever met.
HAHAHAHA! Using Bonehill's bullshit as a source shows just how detached from reality Goggins is, why his doxing attempts are always wrong, and why his attempts to become a "journalist" are laughable.
Looks like with a ratio of 223 to 2 , ANTIFA be fucked! 
you forgot excessive oral deification
Fucking hypocritical kike cunts and their satanist male kike/nigger pimps. If they all died in a horrific accident, I would laugh for months. 
The flag of oppression you mean. Read more, gab less you dolt. Start here and with your Bible. Read something beside the racing forum..  https://www.amazon.com/Britains-Empire-Resistance-Repression-Revolt/dp/1844677389/
For all the bitcoin shittalkers here... why don't you short it with 100x leverage?  Good luck https://www.bitmex.com/register/wpAIXO
I endorse that nigger #Oprah2020 as the 2020 Democratic Presidential Nominee. Let's make sure that party gets blacker and browner until there are no more white Democrats. Whatever we can do to make 2020 a highly racial election is good for us on the #AltRight 
Certainly no different than the preference Japanese get in Nippon or Russians get in Russia, etc. The nationals don't need to treat non-natives like shit and foreigners need to understand they are visitors in someone else's house and must respect the house rules if they don't want to be kicked out.
Mouthy college player =hate mongering liberal bigot & future NFL kneeler killing the NFL https://www.theblaze.com/news/2018/01/08/an-alabama-football-player-had-some-explicit-words-for-trump-at-the-national-championship-game
I look forward to the Great Thot War of 2020
Also your assumeing socialism is bad ? How do u make this assumption the scandivian system was. Great until libertarian turd world immigration policy’s and free trade wreck it both policy’s r libertarian pillers 
Oprah Revealed As Closet White Supremacist ;)
Nope, I couldn't agree more. Wish I hadn't seen it, except to further my understanding of ESPN's agenda. Was nothing but more racist, anti-Trump propaganda designed to incite clueless young people to be even more clueless. Namaste.
Cock! Teach a parrot a new word and watch him use it without actually knowing what it means! Must have been talking in His sleep 😂
White male's build this world yet are the recipient of the modern day left wing hatred and just trying to survive in a post male menstruating world.. Hard times bring strong male's.. strong male's bring good times.. good times = weak males https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qmVn6b7DdpA&feature=youtu.be
Erica Garner rep requests onlу #black reporters contact familу  "black"?  What about #quadroons, #octoroons?  #Tamilians?   #harambe was not available to comment
??? Isis? Last I heard it was just an average nigger. Whats the isis connection?
Jews controlling blacks ? Uhm do I see a pattern building here 
It's a pity Traitor May isn't putting these robust pro-active measures in place when dealing with Brexit.  Why hasn't she sacked Remoaner Ministers? But wait, that's not part of her globalist, pro-Islam narrative.
Levin can be an ass on his radio show always shitting on his callers. Its hilarious 
TRUE BECAUSE THE LYING LIEBERAL FUCK UP EVERY THING THE TOUCH.  IT IS IN THEIR DNA!
I doubt it he finished his high school !!!!
Just don't be A White democrat and all will be fine.
US Democrats, Neocons ‘Joined Hands’ to Demonize Russia and Create New Cold War  https://sputniknews.com/analysis/201801111060663528-democrats-necons-join-new-cold-war/
Speaking of Dumbasses....Cali teaches the class!!  lol
Not really the west had a code that women were held to up till the 1960s we want to go back to where u would have white kids and raise them while we work lol 
Republican Sell-Outs Blame (or Credit) Stephen Miller for Blocking DACA, Claiming Miller Wants an "Unrealistic" Number of Immigration Policy Changes —Ace
Drunk tweeting again Ms. Handler?! #ShakeHead These homophobic, #libtard pukes continue to grasp at anything they can, melting into a #snowflake salt puddle! https://www.infowars.com/chelsea-handler-claims-trump-is-blackmailing-lindsey-graham-with-dick-sucking-video/ #Unbelievable
The powers that be will just create phony bullshit jobs for people to work, they won't give out free money with no strings attached.  Impose a new burdensome set of regulations, then create a million jobs enforcing those regs. Those workers will be wholly dependent on their masters.
Fuck Twitter and the Islamic pedo  prophet u worship. 
Pandering to ILLEGALS should NOT be the priority of any legislative efforts. America First!
oh my gods!! hahahaha...if you read some of the comments the leftards were all right with song and yet when we say the same things, things go flying at us, we get called names and faggots, coons, commies and filth get all worked up into a frenzy of epic portions lol
Courtest AOSHQ, Pensacola women's march bans pink pussy hats because not all women have pussies and whatever they do have isn't always pink. On the outside. They're all pink on the inside. But the inside is outside of politics. Anyway:  http://bit.ly/2Dn47zp  
If Trump actually said that we don't need immigrants from "shithole countries" like El Salvador and Haiti and that we need more immigrants from Norway, then Trump needs to fire every advisor working for him but Stephen Miller.  Let Trump be Trump. 
#Religion #Islam has #Sunnah the verbal teachings of the #pedophile #Mohammad. The Teutonic people have Sunna the Sun Goddess. Ours is Hotter and she doesn't suggest we rape children.  
You were damn lucky to end up in America if u were a slave compared to the shitholes to the south of us. TRUTH 
The Y chromosome does not carry kikery. Male Jew marries a shiksa, then any boy children are certified non yids.  It’s science.
you are the one listening to fake news did you just  talk about the book that is literally fake news and did you listen to his statement noo u are talkin out of your ass and not worth my time you retard 
You think nothing happened, nothing at all? Sorry you were sabotaged since you started school, because something did happen to cover up the biggest identity theft in modern history. Most likely have no idea the atrocities of the Vatican during the day because they are in charge of your education..  
You murdered the cat because you are a sick fuck.
I love watching the Somalians have their violent protests in Minnesota. I hope the temps drop below zero just for them. And these people get so cold they self deport back to Somalia. They wont no welfare payments in Somalia 
Does anybody worth a damn really care what this fucking nigger on ESPN thinks? And, does anybody really even care about the shitty ESPN network? It needs to sink into oblivion. 
Look at the first pic. Is that obama wearing a scarf? Boys about as queer as a 3 dollar bill with the corner tore off!
@lloomer  Looms, The J-oven is for your subversive bitchass ,you yentah hoe  @ExposeTheNose @TexasVet @publicdeplorable @illegal_aryan @InfantryVet @CoolForumName @celine @Azzmador @KekFashy @Kikeslammer_88 @Toothpuller @Wulf1488 @Richardbspencer @NorthStar1727 @nationalistprepper   
Most countries in our world are shitholes!!! 150/200 are utter shitholes!
Gay Niggers From Outerspace.... the longest 27:23 you'll ever see!
It's the bleeding heart libs who think non whites just need their white help to so much as 
Please stop this Mr President!!!  https://goo.gl/JX77wU  via @steadfastloyal
CNN is a shitshow shithole  Pull April Ryan's press credentials .... She adds NOTHING to the conversation  #MAGA #GabFam #News #Politics  
Trump denies making ‘shithole’ slur. “The language used by me at the DACA meeting was tough, but this was not the language used. What was really tough was the outlandish proposal made  https://nypost.com/2018/01/12/trump-denies-making-shithole-slur-against-haiti-and-african-countries/
Socialist sh*tholes will be Socialist sh*tholes.  http://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2018/01/horror-starving-people-socialist-shthole-venezuela-attack-kill-cow-field-eat-video/
If only Whites hadn't invented murder weapons, these noble Nubians would be living like they on Avatar
Chuck Schumer said Obamacare was a big f*cking deal.  And President Obama laughed.  Nobody complained about that language.  I think Trump needs to be Trump. Get over it.
The clueless bitch is on with Martha again defending Barry the traitor and the ridiculous Iran deal. 
Mark Levin actually came out in support on Trump just before the convention, and Ben Shapiro lost his shit over it, stopped retweeting him etc, was at odds with him. Ben Shapiro said, right up until Nov 8 "Trump must be stopped by any means necessary" But now insinuated himself back in... slimeball
Yep, show the whore supporters.  At least that's what refugee Muslim call them.  And feminist/women in the E.U. just welcome them in. 
I saw a sex video of her on pornhub.
this is why it's important for immigrant retards to have a basic grasp of english before be able to live here  jews INVENTED the Nazi boogeyman. Nazis didnt actually exist as real people, they exist as scapegoat. you can go back to deepthroating your dad's dick now 
Not a Nordicist -- Scandinavians are faggots, and I don't stand for that. I just give credit where it is due.  When it comes to cleanliness, honesty, corruption, crime, scientific innovation etc. they are miles above the meds.  Go take your butthurt somewhere else.
It's not being a grammar Nazi, dummy.  I wrote my comment to you to trigger you into defending it. Mission accomplished.  Good luck dipshit!  
@PostichePaladin I see Jew MP Richard Hammond is in the Fake News Again!  I'm just on a trip to London, BUT... before I go, I think you should watch this.  Hammond MP the profiteer and ethnic & religious hatred to cover the massive G8 frauds   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WGOnMJmYd80&t=843s
Sun goes black sack cloth do you really want to die for sake cobra shares in #gab plus other us corporations  Her royal majesty won’t have you here she sore now but you won’t be renewed only judged till end Satan cobra kills you 
Oprah is quietly put it about that she has no interest in the White House. She knows what's in her past makes even Obama look like a chaste missionary.
It disturbs me that this poster is supposed to represent American women as ones who make their statements while defiling an American flag by draping it over a topless body.  That is not America. That is not an American woman. That is a dirty ho drawing attention to herself and you men applaud it.
IQ is a major indicator of success. Blindly importing people from nations with average IQs in the 70s is like playing Russian roulette.  https://archive.is/FTRTu 
Welcome faggot's follow me ty
http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2018/01/13/chelsea-manning-files-run-senate-maryland/ I'd love to see Dems be dumb enough to nominate it. On the bright side: Brits used the title "Miss" for somebody unmarried. Too bad they used it for a man.
I guess he knows. He fucks a shit hole! LMAO
Americans good at geography?!! In which alternate universe does that happen? 😂 Stereotypes are fun, aren't they? 
Awww the jooooooos can't meme. That's probably because the reptilian humanoids kept them from doing so.   Or because "Schultz" is German name.   Or maybe it's because you're inbreed gutter trash. (Much like Jews you blame your problems on)
And this is EXACTLY why the #MSM #propagandists are the most dangerous people in the world today.  Their constant racist #AntiWhite messaging will lead to more of this behaviour by the intellectually challenged people in western society!!  #DrainTheGlobalPedoSwamp 
The Pope will grovel at the feet of Muslims yet again. #Genoa bells
MD would have many conservative reps if it wasn't for the gerrymandering the libtards use. Every district snakes into the no go nigger spic zone. This shit needs to change.
#Trump Warns European Allies: Fix Iran Nuclear Deal’s ‘Disastrous Flaws’ — or America Withdraws  https://truepundit.com/trump-warns-european-allies-fix-iran-nuclear-deals-disastrous-flaws-america-withdraws/
it's going to be revealed that mark zuckercrook colluded with the obawmaw to incite riots and murder of police it's what zuckercrook did for his 1 billion dollar tax cut from the obawmaw. zuckerberg is headed to prison.
Date the trannies you bigots!
What pic is this??? Well  #IMHO it's the #Negroid & failed Congressional candidate @kharyp over @TwitterDotCom cheating on his #Mudshark wife to boff slut & #Mudshark @Shannonr815. Shannon, if it were up to me you would have been tried & executed for conspiracy to erode the #BillOfRights
Hey guess what if you read the whole thread you’d have an inkling of what the fuckvyour talking about 🖕🏽 Pleas go fuck yourself.
i live in the middle fo the experiment. the uk, forfront of the diversity bullshit. and the outcome? its peak islam thats yur issue. the end.
Nick doesn't need full retard Downie @realjamesallsup 
Girl Forced To Strip Naked In Front Of A Group Of People After A Gram Of Weed Goes Missing (Disturbing) http://bit.ly/WeedGoesMissing
I hope your Sunday was peaceful and happy. If you work tomorrow, keep your head down and your hopes up. If you don't--score one for the dead Negro holiday. Either way, stay frosty. Here's tonight's quotation:  "It is dangerous to be right when the government is wrong." -–Voltaire (1694-1778)
YEAH BUT HOW DO WE KNOW THAT HE ACTUALLY WROTE THE LETTER, WE DON'T? IT COULD BE MORE LIBERAL PROPAGANDA
Muhhhh! oh vey!  British woman simply notices the Prince is about to marry a baboon and is punished by the jews and forced to apologize.  http://www.foxnews.com/entertainment/2018/01/14/ukip-leaders-model-girlfriend-suspended-after-reported-racist-meghan-markle-remarks.html
The Whore of Babylon-by-the-Bay's residence.  
MSM can kiss my ass.   http://www.breitbart.com/london/2018/01/15/canadian-news-people-who-have-big-families-should-be-publicly-shamed-import-migrants-instead/
#MAGA Fools rush in where angels dare to tread. We elected someone who would risk his life (and his family) to slay the dragons holding us prisoner. Expect courage not eloquence from this tiny knight the press jeers in his battle for our freedom. https://youtu.be/XCtIdpBocNA?t=34s
Charged? In Canada? Muslims? We all have dreams. But please stand back because I have to do this. WE WILL PAY THE FAMILY MILLIONS! THAT FUCKING MORON TRUDEAU NAMED THE CHILD IN PUBLIC! They will sue and win because he exposed her to potential harm. I now know why people cut themselves.
Yes, agreed!  Affirmative action = RACIST!  Minority Owned Business (preferred status) = RACIST!  Providing someone anything on the basis of their skin-color = RACIST!
For fucks sake! So many good musicians and actors died in the last 3 years but the fuckers stay for virtue signalling. %$§#
Big shock there, Stalin the Crypto Jew, burned down all the Orthodox churches, but touched not a Jewish Temple and gave them their own oblast within Russia. Same filthy Jewish/communist swine different century. The 3000 year old 'Jewish' question, how to live with white slavers who want your land. 
I want to hear more about you plans to stop the Jews from infiltrating and turning it into another based fags and muh wife’s black son sort of thing. 
DACA is going to happen unless you start tomorrow and get anything related to them out of the FISA bill that Rand Paul is filibustering. DACA is our end, we will lose all elections, game over we are serfs to the 3rd world shitholes
Are Twitter Employees Viewing D*ck Picks and Naked Shots of Minor Users?… Or Just Adults?  http://thegatewaypundit.com/2018/01/twitter-employees-viewing-dick-picks-naked-shots-minor-users-just-adults/  Getting paid to view kiddie porn for work? Who do we report this to?
"telling"? its interesting how you put words into my mouth and make ASSumptions.  one does not have to serve the FORCES OF ANTICHRIST to serve someone other than themselves.  your sin is evident. i do not serve only my self. MY SELF NEEDS TO DIE! 
Fucking Right???  Meanwhile, the MSM is stuck on Rumors...FUCKING RUMORS...that the President may have called a shithole a shithole!!!
😂😂😂😂 then inbreeding fucked them all up 
Nigeria IS a 'shithole' - honest, based African tells it like it is! Repost this PROOF that the #FakeNews media have been at it yet again! https://youtu.be/6QulW-AlDkw
#Itsoktosaynigger #screwmlk #mlkwasanigger and so forth. It bears repeating. That guy did more to fuck up #White #America than about anyone else. I don't give a damn what he did or didn't do for the negroes. They all need to be sent home to #Liberia anyhow...
Wolves in sheep's clothing have the sheep under control. Psychopaths run the world. Some see it. some can't, and some could not give a fuck. 
Oh boy what does Kim Jong oof want this time...we should have united Korea under South Korean rule when we had the chance, but they had communist allies then...from what i hear they don't exactly have much now from what's going on, lose a few more and....*Accidentally pushes invasion button* OOPS 
Without White people  this woman would be in poverty  as a slave girl  http://www.foxnews.com/entertainment/2018/01/16/chelsea-handler-calls-out-white-people-on-martin-luther-king-jr-day.html
If there is not any anal beads that play Christmas Carols there is money to be made there. 
His Mayoralty presided over Newark NJ' s highest homicide rate ever That Nibba be Trippin'
MAGA? You fools wouldn't know the truth of that idea if it bit you on the ass.
HOW A JEW BECAME A NAZI.. 2ND TO DENNIS WISE IN INFORMATION AND RESEARCH.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H8p1AUGXdW4
The best thing about the Pornbots on here has to be the broken English. "If you want to sex with me." It's like those shitty news bots on YouTube wrote this crap.
46, ya, too old to know whats going on..ok junior. if you dont brush your tooth, your hillbilly moma is gonna get upset,then drunk, then fucked,,,again
Meanwhile, in the White Ethnostate™
You work at FedEx with Angie’s, soon to be ex husband, Christopher Hutchins? Leave the detective work to the big kids you cunt. @Grock‍
𝐍𝐨𝐫𝐭𝐡 & 𝐒𝐨𝐮𝐭𝐡 𝐊𝐨𝐫𝐞𝐚 𝐭𝐨 𝐟𝐨𝐫𝐦 𝟏𝐬𝐭 𝐣𝐨𝐢𝐧𝐭 𝐎𝐥𝐲𝐦𝐩𝐢𝐜 𝐭𝐞𝐚𝐦, 𝐦𝐚𝐫𝐜𝐡 𝐚𝐭 𝐨𝐩𝐞𝐧𝐢𝐧𝐠 𝐭𝐨𝐠𝐞𝐭𝐡𝐞𝐫 𝐮𝐧𝐝𝐞𝐫 𝐮𝐧𝐢𝐟𝐢𝐞𝐝 𝐟𝐥𝐚𝐠 
I don't fucking need pity were mostly all the same
I was speaking about the shitty Germans who came to ruin my nation.  The US would have been better off with no Germans or Jews, that is indisputable.    Germans and Jews are both rats and destroyers of the White race.
The press probably hasn't tried to make a field day out of another president's health since William Howard Taft's 335 lb. self.
huffpo is a joke 
White women and their groupthink never ceases to amaze.   Does anybody really think they would be defending Aziz Ansari's behavior if he was white?   https://twitter.com/yashar/status/953741102594646016?s=17
For that to be accurate that would need to be either a photo of Hitlery or Obama
Victim gets the last laugh winning case to punish porn posting pig of exboyfriend. 
Holy shit. /ourguy/ is on the JRE.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OtL1fEEtLaA
If someone calls me a racist anywhere but a court room, I will straight up respond with Hail Hitler. 
THE REAL bill clinton  EVIL father & THIS LOAD DIDN'T END UP IN MONICA'S MOUTH
Really Facebook? 
JFC. And we're back to infighting. God Damn It, keep your eyes on the real enemy. They are starting fires with the amount of hand-rubbing they do when we go after each other.
"Accused". I accuse you of rape, then that means you are a #sexoffender by your own measure
Muslim scumbags created a false narrative in an attempt to undermine our democracy, an act of pure sedition requiring a charge of treason but the shit skin Muslim scumbag community fears a backlash, it's called seeking justice you low IQ mildly retarded terrorist scum, justice in the form of charges, imprisonment or deportation.
The one to the left got his babydick sucked by a jewess!
At least you have openly admitted that you are a racist. But what you have not admitted because you probably don't even know it, is that you are grossly ignorant and have an asshole's attitude.
It's ok, your people will soon be sent back to your own nation where you can defecate in the streets  til your little brown hearts content. It's just a matter of time...
Illegal immigrant who stabbed stranger in the neck was deported 7 times. 
Absolutely and the police have arrested him loads of times, there let him out tho islamophobia and all that crap
There is something seriously wrong with this woman!  
Wow are you sickening. Hopefully a black Jew will stick their boot up your ass.
Completely turning away from porn was one of the best decisions I ever made. Though it took effort, it was much easier than I thought it would be. I owe much to the provocations of anonymous shitlords. This is an expression of gratitude, and can hopefully serve as inspiration for others.
"You can thank #BHO & his wolves for #USA's division & lawlessness" 
did check the spam folder of course before 
I'd let the white Europeans stay. Deport all the non-whites at this point. I'm past the point of caring.
GOP CONGRESSMEN: The FISA Abuse at the DOJ Shithole Has Hit the Fan; THEY ALL Spied on Trump, Flynn #QAnon https://truepundit.com/watch-gop-congressmen-fisa-abuse-doj-shithole-hit-fan-spied-trump-flynn-videos/
Notice, no one said the Hillary dossier was a forgery. It can be fake, or real, but no one called it a 'forgery'. That is an odd legal term. The memo could be a forgery, counterfeiting a document for the purposes of fraud. In a land of real memos, you can make a fraud one and switch it in. Protocols of Zion are a forgery, of what? Real Elders of Zion and real Protocols?
nobody is ever going to be as big of a TOTAL ASSHOLE than me. 
The term "Institutionalized Power" Is Leftwing doublespeak to avoid a race realist conversation. About some people's ability to be civilized or produce civilization is greater than others. #Sh*tholes
Well, since that prick Mayor has whipped up the hatred and POTUS upset every Pakistani on the planet, I'm jolly glad he's not coming to London.
Hell Trump should have deported his hairy ass long ago.
Dude doesn’t even have time to change that Faggot Jaggot of his. Leather Liberterian Lesbian.
The #governmentShutdown is to let the #FISAmemo issue die down.
I remember when twitter was dead like this...Every cunt was saying.. Facebook...
Imagine thinking racialism is less relevant to young Whites than the church or the Bible. 
So many of the "whites" are actually #JEWS 👺
- Start a new account - I know you like having multiple accounts. 
The charges are coming.  Philandering FBI agents and their whore girl friends are going to get the full 20.
"Only an idiot sticks a mouse up his ass" 
I hope Chuck Schumer gets blown up
World War II and the warped history we were taught should be considered a crime against humanity and all involved should be forced to renounce their deception and forced to work in a labor camps for the rest of their miserable days.  
>this blasted 
And the 3 clintons an the human horses husband too - he’s cooked also
There's a reason they called that feminist claptrap "The Vagina Monologues." These pussy-helmeted bitches can't maintain a DIALOGUE with any reasonable human being. #histrionics
Nobody is buying the Holocaust. We have access to the internet now, woman
Same shit, different day. Too bad we don`t have Hillary in power, The survivors would be covering like starving dogs in perpetual winter as the nuclear clouds drifted across the planet. 
Cantwells a c#nt.   I'm from WA.
Some of us aren't at our devices constantly haha 
Please, please, please. To anyone reading this: Please do not circumcise your children. I beg of you. 
Christians are the only group that it is just fine to trash. Try this with Muslims and see what happens you oh so brave leftists! 
While leftist females think they are fighting for sexual equality, the political process has instead created a new special class for females as "substandard people" who need a helping tug on their bootstraps from the government. So sad. 
Boomers have always been weak. I was born in 1957 so I've been stuck with these pussywhipped assholes my whole life. After 1968, their Liberal "idealism" mostly turned to shit.
Oh what the hell. These fucking broads...
“Fusion GPS co-founder Simpson is STILL actively investigating Trump for Russian ties but REFUSES to name his new client (Special Counsel MUELLER’s office?) and Democrats are trying to block Republicans from confirming the identify of his new client  http://thegatewaypundit.com/2018/01/wow-reporter-suggests-robert-mueller-just-hired-fusion-gpss-glenn-simpson-investigate-president-trump/
I don't think that pussy's got the biochemical certification to be doing masculinity QC like that. His t-count hovers around his age.
Edward Norton played a really compelling role in American History X. Especially the first half of the movie, because I can't recall watching the rest. 
We don't want to be. We are going to turn into Europe. In my time I have never seen a less Canadian minded government. So worried about pleasing the globalist pigs, so worried about enforcing the Paris accord as a method of wealth distribution. So worried about meeting some imaginary quota for immigration while serving up our country on a platter to them.
scaring the shit out of moms 
Q: What changed?
and thats where we can end being civil. look i dont eat muslims excrement even when you rebrand it with jew gassing. fuck off. you r just like them you want to stop and you cant stop them when you emulate them.
how are you so fucking thick? Look dumb ass YOU CANT FIGHT AN IDEA OF HATE WITH JEW HATE. you want to talk like a muslim you will never win good peopole dont like you or them. now let that sink in real good dumb guy. oh and i have a question for you 
Shit down his throat. I'll put my gifted IQ against his lucky-to-get-through college IQ any day.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MyA87wYpiCc 
The Bolshevik revolution was led by Jews. Maybe you should learn about these things before you virtue signal like a fuckin kike.
Seems to me the muslims will be slaughtering you street shitters right afterward too! LOL BYE BYE DOT HEAD
Can I play along with the hero line? I know war, I know subversion. You know what is worse? The subversive lying piece of shit who tries destroy a country with lies. I prefer war, war is at least conducted with an understanding of killing each other. You bunch of faggots want to murder us but you are too chicken shit to say it and do it.
You talk like a faggot-assed POG. Nobody cares, this isn't a Denny's. No discount here, boot.
See Dick watch fake news
I'm going to pass. The open bitchiness is a turn off. That should have been taken offline. If Gab isn't up to your standards, you can try your luck on other social networks. I'm sure they will accommodate your free speech needs.
https://leohohmann.com/2018/01/18/west-virginia-school-district-signs-off-on-mosques-indoctrination-of-teachers/  muslims directly contacting public school teachers to promote pedo rape gangs
I'm calling now. The #PATRIOTS are going to win EVERY SUPERBOWL that DONALD TRUMP is in OFFICE! @PriscillaValentine‍ @Shepherd‍ @leamorabito‍
The one thing is that with the modern age of instant info, if you are not a wake up to the filth that is pisslam then you are either a halfwit or a traitor
Don't Forget: A Black Man Is Far More Likely To Murder You Than A White Man.
Austrian academic research show that migrants have ‘Mediaeval’ views of Jews, women, homosexuals and non-Muslims http://po.st/aD5LpS
The feminists that like pedophiles and getting gang raped. Sick bunch of perverted parasites 
Stop putting bullshit in my peoples brains, they’ve had enough of Jews deceiving them, even if they don’t know it.
Stop looking at raw totals you dumb faggot. 
Here's a #Kneegrow going  back to his #ShitHole #Haiti. #Dreamers are crying.   @AnnCoulter @AndrewAnglin @realemilyyoucis @Eric_StrikerDS @LaurenRose @FaithGoldy @LaurenSouthern @RichardBSpencer #CrookedHillary #LockHerUp https://theintercept.com/2018/01/19/ice-new-sanctuary-movement-ravi-ragbir-deportation/
Now is not a time for a "gently nudge" A gentle nudge to the left is what got us here.
closet faggots with families are the worst faggots.
I am fed up with these scumball senators saying, "OH but this country is only one DACAS know!"  This is an emotional excuse and makes NO SENSE.   Send them home to meet their families and make them stand in line to get back in.  We have supported them for enough years -education, medical, living, food, scholarships, free tuition, etc!  ENOUGH you scumball senators!
Again, why doesn’t Mr. Klion get the whole thing started by killing himself. I could at least respect his sense of conviction then. Otherwise, he’s just another little srlf-loathing, fuck stick prog with a boner for brown people.
Move all kikes and muslims to this lovely shithole then! Open borders Africa and Israel
Armenia is a nation of mongrel bastards.
Islam, like christianity, is yet another program of the jews, designed to enslave the Gentiles and remove Spiritual Knowledge and Power from the hands of the Gentiles and place it in the hands of the jews, or the “chosen few”. 
Cow Pimp
well, if the fat pigs could keep a place clean they wouldn't be marching around protesting cuz nobody wants to rape them they would be at home with a husband and kids
Lmfao Laura Jewmer is going to be on a stream with Mr. Metokur? That should be interesting. Enjoy.
Simply, Schumer is Jewish. His homeland is Israel. As we all know, they use goyim, and shabbos goy, and exploit people. Question is, what happens to HIM? Nothing. What happens to Israel when YOU are replaced by immigration? Nothing. They won't be harmed in any way. All harm only comes to you. No matter what happens, he flees to Israel to avoid prosecution.
Mandela had praised heap upon him when in fact, he was a lying ass black communist.  South African screwed up by not killing the SOB when they had the chance to do it, while he was incarcerated.  Mexico kills people all the time. White South Africans were trying to be nice to piece of shit.  Look at what is happening to them now.  Lessons learned and not to be repeated, right white South Africans?
Correct Jenni Jacobson name was changed to Jerome. 
The FBI lost 5 months worth of text messages between anti-Trump agents; 
Sorry- not everybody works at Taco Bell, boo.
Maverick
Valued for what? Pissing and shitting in the streets and thieving? 
YOU. ARE. ALL. FUCKING. GAY
The possibilities are endless... 
You know its better for the whiskey to be gone then the bullets in this day in age after all we need to cop somewhere with all this Bullshit that just cant go ahead and clash with one another so we can settle our differences and we can all move on for where we must.
Dr Eugenia Cheng - another Chink from Roedean.
I win... You lose... Just fucking follow somebody already... Anybody... Because your failed logic just leads you and to being taken over by whatever strongest person takes you... I would rather you gain some strength... And actually defended your physical self
Germany? Whole of #EU and #UK is headed for #Sharia government at this rate. ....just like Saudi...Iran... rules of Democracy allow seats & councils to fall to Muslims one by one.
"We're always talking about (DREAMERS) from other countries I want the children of the United States to have dreams also " @realDonaldTrump #AmericaFirst #EndChainMigration #StopSanctuaryCities
They put aborted baby fetal tissue in the vaccines too. THESE PEOPLE ARE SICK!
Nope.
The resort run by a Western business isn't a shithole. You will note he did not actually go to the shithole. What is he trying to prove? That luxury resorts are nice? Or that his audience as idiots? MAGA!
Lol you are so mad you can't even type. What a mentally ill curry nigger you are.
Sharia May is to set up a new unit to deal with fake news . Stupid woman , if she wants to stop fake news , just shut down the BBC .
THERE ARE NOT 800,000 DACA DREAMERS IN THE US.  THERE ARE 3.6 MILLION.  THE DEM's LIE ABOUT THAT BECAUSE IT WOULD GIVE THEM VOTING SUPERIORITY FOREVER IF THEY ARE GRANTED VOTING RIGHTS. 
I'd swear this was a photoshop but after "I'm a shitholer" on national TV, it is rather clear you don't need to waste any time trying to make these people look dumb.  They do that for you.
Which brings is full circle, that Norman Rockwell shit is dead, it is an unobtainable paragon  
I fear I've reached the age when I assess nude women the same way I assess livestock & game: health, fitness, & profit potential
Was being a little exaggerated and I don't hate Catholics, the church itself as a political body is on my shit list but for non theological reasons. Just find it best to fight fire with fire when dealing with jackasses like this guy.
She's the biggest "mass reporter" of Trump supporters. 
It is a crucial feature of human perception and intellect that we are able to make fine distinctions. Plants, animals, people. Historically our survival has depended on it. Pretending to be "colorblind" is a farce; that will never happen unless we become lobotomized idiots (exactly what the Jew-Globalist Complex wants).
We're going to bring it to these kikes that they'll be pondering the Samson option.
i wish sarah sanders weren't fat. she's a sniper.
Mao's Marxist communism entered China via Russian Stalinism,...two communist Jews, W. N. Levitschev & J. B. Gamarnik, ... Jew, David Sassoon, and family established the insidious Opium Trade in China  
I'd bet a bag full of the finest jew hair that my level of hatred for kikes surpasses the entirety of the 220 million dog eating chinks in Chinkland. Not only are The Yellow Jew patterning their own culture after the bugman mentality, they are actively spewing bioindustrial waste all over their land in the name of "progress." Chinks are kike knockoffs. Gas 'em.
Do you wash it down with a swallow of grape soda, and a bite of watermelon? rofl
i'm just expecting more dog and pony shows until they figure out a way to sweep it under the rug.. create a bigger distraction. same shit over and over. the swamp is too deep
do you know how STUPID THAT IS? 
You’re a dumbass. It’s called the “alt-right” because it’s presenting an alternative to the fake controlled opposition neocon cuck right, that’s been seditiously installed to be a counterfeit to subvert and trick white people out of standing for their own interests.
Full agreement!  The still-employed swamp creatures will do everything in their power to exonerate their partners in crime.  We have to contact our reps (both sides of the aisle) and make damn sure that doesn't happen.  #Showthememo 
If you love your country more than football, turn off the NFL. 
Stop watching now, why wait. Last one for me was 91 after the MLK nigger bullshit with the Nigger Felon League and Arizona. Fuck em, black greasy bastards. 
Also: Voting for Clinton. FUCK NO. I voted for Sanders in an attempt to get that bitch kicked off the ballot (my man Rand Paul had already dropped and there was no way in hell I was voting for Ted Cruz and his slimy Goldmann Saches pedigree). I voted for Gary Johnson. Just like I did last election.
0=Number of tears I'll shed for em too. That's right Dems, u were warned ahead of time ur Treason carry's a fast drop+ a short stop as the ONLY PUNISHMENT 4 that crime. How do I know this? Simple I can read. If U libs cld read +comprehend the Constitution U'd know this 2
Report ALL #illegalaliens to #ICE! 
We want climate change! 
Well, he's 81. He doesn't need another wife. Trust me on that. He's had 4.  
Honestly I don’t care what he does with his money. My beef was always that they brought their shit politics to the field.
I feel your pain. 
Yeah you’re still a stupid pussy who has a secret crush on the President.  Nothing of value to offer. 😂
"Racism is a horrible disease. You catch it from niggers," bumper stickers plus that shit-eating grin on his mug shot?
THE democRATs AND obama INCLUDING THE FBI satan PUPPETS ARE DANGEROUS TO THE UNITED STATES
Yes, no twitter alts currently but very easy to build. There are several facebook alts - minds, wrongthink, wampum.com (I just launched wampum couple weeks ago), etc., all much better tech than gab.  Torba, prob can't do ads because his last failed gig was ad network and prob signed non compete. gab is a scam run by a muslim, hindu and "existential christian".
CHER ATTACKS SARAH HUCKABEE SANDERS’ APPEARANCE 
He’s already said that you don’t need a wall everywhere. It’s not just the wall though. Penalties for employers who hire illegals will go a long way as well. Have a little faith.
BTW, you have no clue what religion or race I am, proving that your IQ is not in the triple digits. 
All Ive seen is you crying like a little bitch here for days. If its so horrible STFU and get on a safespace platform you fucking little bitch
Wont happen. The deal is 1.8 million beaners for the whole immigration reform package. Left won't do it. But will get blamed when they all get deported. Win/Win/Win.
He seems to be a bigger limp wristed homo than Barack Obama.
Since Katrina it became a negroid refuge on the order of Africa. I got chased in a road rage incident from round shreevport to Huston during the exodus
Feminism is now Female Supremacism as women have all the rights that men have and they still have special privileges in the courts and in our culture. Cultural Marxists who hate America, Whites, and the West are the leaders and preachers of Third Wave Feminism.
Nothing brutal about her,just a mature woman of serious, education and exactly as she should be. No doubt her husband, head of his household and very strong. Pussy men don't do well with a strong, sharp woman.
Ain't that rich!! Asshat should have to send his kids to public school since he hates school choice. I bet he'd change his mind after the first day of school!
Antisemites fall into either of two categories, they are either stupid or muslim.   
The difference between George Soros & Donald J Trump is, George Soros wouldn't know how to run a brothel, whereas Donald J Trump knows how to run a 5-Star hotel...
Some faggot-loving newspaper wants folks to stay queer if they're either born or "are" that way https://www.yahoo.com/news/more-20-000-lgbt-teenagers-175450952.html Anyone who opposes trying to convert a fag into a hetero is a traitor not just to #Whites, but to the entire human race, and should be condemned & punished. In my #WN state, they would be-
Not surprised Obama had links with Nation of Islam before he got to be president. He's been trying to turn the west Muslim for years 
LOL, I love how the media is sticking the alt-kike into the alt-right whether they like it or not.  Practically doing our jobs.  "Hey goyim, if you get the least bit out of line, we're going to trash you 100%."
I can't stand that muzzie. He's a worthless piece of shit and is in no way right wing. He's part of the reason why UKIP is failing.
http://theantimedia.org/hillary-clinton-ignored-staffers-sexual-harassment-allegations-during-campaign/   #CrookedHillary is SCUM in expensive clothes & the #MeToo movement waiting til they're on their last legs after DECADES of misconduct by her and her husband is a ridiculous joke
Black coffee still suck ass by the way. 
Consider they started with J Edgar and go quickly down hill from there.
Mmmmh,  deal.
Kerensky wasn't Jewish at all. His father was Russian and his mother came from a peasant family of mixed Kalmyk ancestry. He was Russian Orthodox all his life. British diletants and the useful idiots of communists claimed anyone with any non-Slavic features was Jewish.
Definitely Time for some hard-line Leaders that will tell Muslims to follow our rules or get Out.  
White supremacy is reality. Leftists HATE reality because in reality they're all loser maggots.
NFL crap, XFL why not? I want to see 1970's football again. Sick of these meathead showboating overpaid vaginas.To be brutally honest a concussion might enhance their life, however we know it's all bullshit,Troy Aikman is gainfully employed after a dozen concussions. The paycheck is a bonus. Fuck stupid overpaid niggers,spending good money on tattoos.
Hammond strikes again complete and utter piece of shit  http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-5318441/Chancellors-stealth-grab-long-term-investments.html
Yes the fucking traitorous scum. May thinks shes got a lid on it, the so called populism. Shes dreaming
Fuck off, Shareblue shill.  Seriously.
Every race has it's plebs, but white plebs have to be the worst of all. Even urban nignogs are more clever. It's really amazing.
@SpeakerOfTurth? 
For Democrats, #ToleranceMeans doing WHATEVER it takes for votes! I'm so tired of seeing our nation sold out so the most CORRUPT party in our history can obtain votes! Immigration Abuse is just ANOTHER way for them to place people in bondage!
Hitler is rolling over in his grave
think the American people need some very evil nasty person still flexing power to die. Doesn't really matter how, by accident, age or on purpose.
Son of a bitch!! Found too soon! 
Tough to take the focus off those poor genetic mutations.  They're always born with damaged DNA, disabilities, bone deformations and/or arthritis, sterile, and other conditions never seen in normally born animals.  When will fucking frankenscientists learn THEY DON'T KNOW WHAT THEY'RE DOING WITH GENETICS?
Well, I can't say you are wrong, because I don't know enough about her, but I do know she was fined $330 Euros for calling Mohammed a pedophile and saying Somalis rape as a feature of their genetics.
@jartaylor‍ , an European-American advocate, tries to educate a snobbish, pseudo-intellectual dilettante, a self-styled "classical liberal" who shows a complete disregard for the very people who invented and championed the ideas he claims to uphold in the first place. 
And this is why I don't do lives. fucking 10/10 for the trolling here mate!!! <3
No its because you are a nigger in a white homeland Please pack your bags and leave ASAP.
and if you have #MAGA associated with your account and you had to be told this hang your head in shame 
lol nigger I'm 15 years old, I'm just much smarter than you so you think I'm old hahahaha
The depravity, that a citizen of the tribes do to children, and they call us anachronisms when we speak of riding the world of such things. 
the leftist trash like to say the govts gonna steal land from Americans for the wall. I'm betting that every one of those farmers/ranchers would gladly donate the 50 feet or so for the wall. to stop the bean bandits from killing them, their families, and neighbors
So why should I care if SHE is raped?
this gay porn looking faggot is still doing his anti christian "fuck ur god" edge-lord circa 1998 bit?
A screeching harpy with a bug up their ass about #Gamergate. 
We don't have real recycling...imho, there should be no landfills, and everything can and should be recycled...just not the way libtards want to do it.
So Antifa are all Jews too? LMFAO. There are way too many Jews to go around. 
Is the left's insanity reaching the SHOCKING level? 
Hard to know whish is the bigger tosser: Churchill or Islam. Churchill sent thousands of British troops to an unnecessary death. And as to the bygone era comment "loyal soldiers of the Queen" and "Christianity is sheltered in the strong arm of science" don't make me laugh! Religion and science have nothing in common in any religion!
Does ANYONE care what these immoral, sick, Hollywood ponscum have to say?! I sure as hell don't! Such juvenile, pathetic, sick behavior coming from these #celebritard hypocrites! https://www.infowars.com/hysterical-celebs-plan-yet-another-boring-anti-trump-temper-tantrum/ #HollywoodDownfall #ResetHollywood #BoycottHollywood
I want ugly. I want revenge for the communist attacks of 2017.
The productivity being squeezed out of the British people by globalist corporations and having Mums working full time instead of raising children correctly could be a factor.
Get to the back of the bus! WE!!!!!! #MakingAmericaWHITEAgain
If you wait by the river long enough, the bodies of your tradthot groupies will float by.
Seems a coincidence that just as the FISA Memo is going to be released probably today. That Deputy Director McCabe of the FBI steps down. After probably seeing what is in it. #ReleaseTheMemo #MAGA 
Its official.. India now has lower hygiene than rats. 
I cannot trust the Senators or those in the House anymore.  Every time we turn around they keep changing things making excuses, accusing others, firing their own staff, and so on and so forth.  What the fuck is going on in D.C.??  Are they having a Congressgate Party?? while they take our goddamn money?
I can't help but laugh when I hear this way of speaking.  I don't give a shit if you're a shitlib, it's hysterical!!
Do niggers think locking up electronics and razor blades is racist too? I hope they all go back to Africa but don't make it because their boats sink and they all drown.  http://www.businessinsider.de/walmart-responds-to-claims-that-it-locks-up-african-american-beauty-products-2018-1
London changed it's name, it's now called Jahidistan
Throw the first shovel of dirt right in Hillary's big mouth. #unt
Congratulations! This is a fucking badge of honor!
The bullshit machine will be in overdrive. Just sit back and watch the stupidity flow like spring water
Very nice.  
You gotta be smarter than the average bear Boo-boo! 
Yes that to, let's face it the Clinton are evil, and those globalists buddies that want to yoke every American for the benefit of the few.  Come and take it....
All of you faggots follow the great @Paddy87‍
More about #metoo which is being used as a weapon by the left now in #Canada to fuck with our next election.
Can't wait to see former Tory MP's crying woe is me as they lose their seats at the next GE, wondering how this could happen to them, especially to the so-called Tory Brexiteers, the worst of all the traitors. All words, all talk, no action, as for years they sat content milking at the teat of the public purse, & troughing through the system, fuck em all!
@ironwand  The BBC are reporting #FakeNews as usual : Russia 'will target US mid-term elections' says CIA chief.  #Russophobia  http://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-42864372
Editor in chief of the centre-right paper Die Welt Ulf Poschardt said that the best way for Germans to oppose Trump was to be more multicultural and more “gay.”
1993, if not before. That piece of garbage Clinton (the male one) sold secrets, Congress has been happy to play along, Bush43 was no US partisan, and Obowma bent over and spread 'em.
https://twitter.com/seanhannity/status/958393158852927493 
Based Potato Niggers boycotting israel. 
BREAKING: According to CNN Trump has ordered the Memo to be released immediately after the SOTU. Here come the nukes.
London is now a diverse and multicultural place.
Hey retard, thats not how tagging works, kill yourself you dumbfuck baby boomer nigger.
This shit can't go on forever!  https://www.infowars.com/new-twilight-zone-pilot-set-in-real-world/
haha...unless shes onboard with lifting...women get paranoid: 
Many men in the west are very weak men. And you are one of them Frank. 
You know nothing about me, faggot.
@PoliticsGhost‍ How the fuck can you stand up for Trump when you have no legs?
A childish rape fantasist without the emotional maturity to be a real man
Trump said fuck you college boys - learn a fucking trade. By  the way I went to a trade school in high school - Aviation mechanic high school.
Hillary! hear that? SEND REINFORCEMENTS? You fucking crusty bitch.
Holy fuck what a rat's nest of shitholes. I say nuke the entire region into glass and shadows and let the surviving cockroaches sort themselves out.
Why Doesn't The Left Ever Bring Up The Fact That Trump Had A Black Girlfriend For Over Two Years?
"Hey Bernie, you know you're screwed...your wife too.. 
Illegals and Refugees are worth more then gold to Israel ask any Kike They are behind the total onslaught against white nations worldwide
DACA? Try IASC — Illegal Alien Since Childhood!
Stunning?  Hardly.  
They are just trafficking humans us Americans are too lazy or greedy to traffic .   http://www.foxnews.com/us/2018/01/30/2-daca-recipients-arrested-over-suspicion-human-smuggling-report.html
And there are stupid freaking people (President Trump haters to be exact) that will listen and not think anything of their two faced evil, hateful ways and continue to stand behind those liberal scumbags! UNBELIEVABLE!!!!!
The #shithole of Canada in the news. Somali born immigration minister says "Canadians are more hateful". This is the product of  #diversity:  https://www.therebel.media/ezra_levant_show_january_30_2018
Scared shitless of constituents that might actually become independent, informed, & self-reliant.
I'd rather have these semetic niggers do my bidding. 
American (actually Anti American) jewery proved they hated Jews during WW2, nothing has changed.
DemonCraps Are Just Spoiled Little Bitches, Nothing Less, Nothing More.
No. Those niggers are using race as a method of attacking the Republicans. Just as the white Dems are doing. It's all they have left. They wanted to seperate themselves from whites so they could ALWAYS use the RACE CARD when they didn't get their way. White Supremacy is not the problem. The problem is Black Dependency.
Look at the Philipines, Indonesia, and Africa. Beautiful places full of resources that are unused and places which are poorly maintained due to non-whites running things. An Aryan Indonesia looks appealing as fuck. A neo-Manifest Destiny would do wonders, albeit far-fetched.
The philosophy jews use to undermine moral principles is relativism. A bullshit philosophy claiming nothing exists and we are all magical gods. Jews are the biggest pushers of this and understandably so given their incentives
Wtf pedo Anderson Cooper member of CNN 
Well, yea, but they also believe the greeks were israelites ...  
LOL, @roonyroo is talking about me. I had it out with her a few days ago, and last week too. She is the second to the worst troll on Gab. She thinks that Christian Identity is a KKK religion and wouldn't stop harassing me about it, and has also brought up scriptural arguments about Jews which I've easily debunked.
https://youtu.be/9gwmPLzOzG4  At least he makes mistakes and take accountability unlike Mika and her husband co-host.
So explain to me why Joe Kennedy was speaking last night and just who the fuck He supposed to represent? If there was ever a gutter family that deserves its bullet-catching reputation, it’s this organized crime built, women murderering, rapists batch of globalist ratshit
notice how the left in general, and celebrities of all kinds, only mention god when it suits them. god sees what they are. and Americans are finally waking up to their treason. the memos coming out, and they cant stop it! screw the left, and the equally treasonous rino scum!!
All this bitch needs to do is pull her huge tampon out and throw it on the water
3/3
Fucking hell, I want my white culture back. Next they'll vote for a shaved orangutan.
At least he's not a nigger.
You're a fucking retard babbling incoherently. You haven't made a single point yet, much less one worth opposing.
Meh, he's free to say as much ignorant shit as he chooses. 
Enough fucking around! Release the memo!!
American version of women's pants with rape alarm ...
@Angela4u‍ did you read on that anchor baby  teacher who disrespected our military? That SOB is in a city about 5 miles from me .....BTW  the city he's a mayor of is a sanctuary shithole with about 6 different gangs terrorizing the community..
99% of all missing children come home alive.
At least he didn’t fuck gooks. Or have snaggle teeth. You hate Americans bc we are way better. You hate us bc you ain’t us.
Yup if you friend someone that doesn't like your home page when they see it they put you in jail ! Liberals suck and apparently they don't like hearing that fact.
Yooooooo I'd kill that nigger
Welcome, frenchies! 
@LarryLSharp 
NFL Lawyer, Who Claimed Super Bowl Is ‘Rigged’, Found Dead https://prepareforchange.net/2018/02/01/nfl-lawyer-claimed-super-bowl-rigged-found-dead/ via @Prepare_Change
About the memo... 
Where’s Soros and his son. There’s a lot of collusion in this subject in every part of the world. I believe they are the ace and king of spades that deserve the same as bin Laden. And while on that subject if it weren’t for a SEAL Team member I would question the viability of his death. After all odumba had his hand in that...just saying
those are anti values, In my opinion too, not good for any race or culture, I agree you have to call it out, but at the end of the day, if no one gets hurt or no one touches or teaches your kids, communism, homosexuality, transgenderism, or pedophilia, or racism, then you did your job as a parent, if not, then you have no one to blame but yourself,  chasing windmills
Dissident right sounds cool and edgy, but it's not something you can carry into the halls of power and rule with. The neo-nazis may have tainted the alt-right for some, but I don't think so. Free speech is free speech is free speech. 
Got WiFi working on the flight whitey no sand niggers just a KANG @Slav‍ @American_Conservative‍ @NorthStar1727‍ @Azda‍ @HoundOfUlster‍ @Fugginhuwitemale‍
'Is it fair to say that Britain is chronically unsafe?' : [APPARENTLY] The Metropolitan Police are on the brink of collapse.  Hmm well if they are mandated to pursue 'hate' crimes instead of real physical crimes what can you expect? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=36O6krDL4aM #BritFam #TotalitarianUK #MopedCrime #HateSpeechCrimes #AcidAttacks
Gentlemen, start your engines! 
Well, I don’t belong to any group, I’m independent all the way, and I say Islam is the “shithole”of the world! And I hope they and the leftist ass kissers r offended!
The notion that Muslims are going to save us from Islam is pure fantasy, and a dangerous one at that. Because it only spreads false hope. Here is why Islam is not going to reform. http://loganswarning.com/2015/02/19/defeat-jihad-summit-f-gaffney-to-jasser-how-can-we-reform-islam/  @Axefortruth @Bmlflowers @mightyman29810 @EyeAm @LMT_NCTMB @vt @TheAlexZane @G_F @dangainor @ACHOGAN774 @Jacobra @ReyR @G_ozzy @gabrielpate67 @tippy69 @LodiSilverado‍ @REV_20_10‍ @RealAlexJones‍
Nazis ... Nazis everywhere. 
you racist, it's my celebratory black history month avatar, im gwine to get MUH WEAVE LATA LOL
TRUMP RULE #1 Do NOT fuck POTUS Trump. 
Google threatens to deny conservatives their rights, AGAIN! You can't stop ppl from protecting themselves from selective consequences you morons! "Google Exec Threatens To Unmask Whistleblowers Who Report Misconduct Toward Conservatives" http://dailycaller.com/2018/01/31/google-exec-threatens-whistleblowers/?utm_source=site-share 
Queers don't have a case for Biblical or Church sanctioned sexual immorality.
The Left has to presume its enemies stupid, thankfully we don’t delude ourselves by such arrogance.
Quite literally. I mean if I want to say something about Muslims or blacks or if someone wants to Sieg Heil Hitler on social media, they should be free to do so. 
Where's the big mouth Kenyan POS?  Haven't heard anything from him on this subject.
We can do better... 
PALESTINE does not exist historically.....it is a name used by the sand bandits to curry favor with people with low IQ's like you
Nunes changed his wording. Ryan & McConnell did a rah rah for the feebs. Thus proving once again there is no difference between upper echelon DC swamp rats. 🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬
Muhammad said ‘After toileting, you must not wipe with paper, but with stones & pebbles’. At the time, this was sensible. Paper was very scarce, and he was trying to write his best-selling book. I Didn't know the crazy bastards still obeyed it though.
#TarAndFeather THESE #DeepState motherf**king Government drones and squares, THEN THROW THEM IN GITMO FOR ATTEMPTING TO SUBVERT OUR DEMOCRACY. 
9/11 is another story, it was a  very well organized terrorist attack, not just goons with ak slaughtering people in front of them.
well satanism gos hand n hand w/islamic teaching,they both are pedophiles,war mongering war lords,they both teach to deceive the non believers of their cult,they both are out to kill all jews&christians,seems like time to fight fire w/fire,maybe it's the man in me speaking,bc i know prayer is the most powerful tool,action just gives faster satisfaction
Lol this cyph troll he seems to be the only niggermania troll on gab
skipping the super bowl 4 the sake of the memories of real men who fought for the right for the freedom of speech that they have taken advantage of,plus they allow you take a knee for black lies matter but tim tebow couldn't take a knee for jesus christ,sick of liberal communist running our country,trump train is full of fuel coming with lady liberty full speed!!
How shitty is it that the entire team couldn't win a fixed election? How stupid does a person have to be to keep backing these creatures?
They may as well not even F—kn bring it out now! The whole thing about the memo was giving NO wiggle room for deep state assholes #DeepStateWins I hope names are leaked! Washington DC seems to love leaks
http://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2018/02/fake-news-cnn-botches-report-fbi-director-christopher-wray-amid-fisa-firestorm/  why are people still watching Fake CNN. They must be Hitlery fans. The
No matter how corrupt, or vile, or lawless, democrats NEVER think they do anything that merits them losing their jobs. 
Penn ran Steve Wynn off campus. Highly predictable. But look how they disrespect Cosby! Just a footnote in the cracker's press release. Show a brother some respect! If you erase his memory, give him his own release! 
@lukeobrien‍ is mad because Anglin exposed him doing unethical shit.
Another jew who thinks anyone gives a damn about his opinion. Since we are naming the jew, I will name this one Schleppy.
Don't forget all your daughters!!!  They will hold you down and force you to watch! As they ass rape your wife and daughters at gunpoint.... then they will cut both sides of your face so you never forget... this is all part and parcel of living in a Multicultural Society, so don't be a fucking racist, and accept wonderful diversity!!!
All i find Nancy is SHIT!
Thomas Paine
Greed and Corruption at the higher levels, cowardice people at the lower level.
You can see how mentally disturbed see is, she looks like a lunatic
;3 any time goy 
This has to be the funniest shit I've seen in soooo long. Why can't more homophobes be this hilarious and artistically talented? I feel let down by normietrads  https://heterosexualsinspiringpride.weebly.com/pictures.html
We know Obama has already lawyered up. Rumors has it Schiff is on suicide watch.🤔🤔 
This is why smart women need a wise man, because they are a wild horse.
Hinduism?
James Woods stated; 
Enoch has good bantz on twitter
#Killary and #Obummer are definitely going to #Jail now, right #GabFam?! 
We don’t just have a “Deep State” Threat. Obama perverted the HIGHEST levels of the US Intelligence & Law Enforcement apparatus to use as political weapons. All those who ordered & complied with illegal surveillance need to be charged & tried.
Amen! 
Then the KKK religion is for retards!
Tommy Robinson: Chinese Military Recruitment Ad Puts British Army to Shame 
Using  "national security" as a cover for political corruption and then saying that the new guy is the guilty one.  Yeah times up assholes Grand Jury now!
To be fair, madonna DID offer blowjobs for votes......
Now that the Memo is released...I'm waiting for the Purge...if these traitors continue to walk free there is no justice...not talk but action...swift and merciless...Lock Them All Up... 
Well we do know that #DACADon #AmnestyDon #DonnyDACA #GlobalistDon is a liar who deceived 63 million voters into believing he would uphold the Constitution and #RuleofLaw.  Tens of millions of criminals are the asshat's dream to #MASH #MakeAmericaShithole by REWARDING them for their criminal actions like child molestation, rape, murder, drug dealing. Hope Trump rots in hell. 
Berating brown-skinned non-Christian people for doing evil things is "problematic', you see.
daily reminder @Ricky_Vaughn99‍ is a faggot.
So I guess this is the next thing CNN will be reporting on for the next 6 months. #CNN has to invent its own news now with a bullshit legal case against the #FBI. #FAKENEWS 
Isn't polosi hilarious with her senility?!:)  PRAY GOD BLESS AMERICA with SANITY and SAFETY!!
Clearly Trump has cards to play. If the Democrats drag their feet, Trump can just use powers he already has, round them up and dump them in Mexico.
Death Camps meaning where those alleged "gas chambers" were? The ones without the attached chimneys? Or is it the ones that ran the ovens 24/7 and yet not a single record of the MILLIONS on TONS of coal, wood, coke or fuel is available brought in by rail to keep them going.
As a whole the left is afraid to take on Islam.
And Now there is a 2nd Memo-Investigation into the FBI Fisa and "that guy who lie to the FBI "..  Can you imagine that?   Lying to the FBI. 
Yeah, we lack the organization to make outright rebellion a reality.  
@ToddKincannon's helpful homo tip of the day: "Helping Hands" 
Hahahaha, fucking hell. If that doesn't 'splain it all.  cc @3DAngelique....
Those who point to NHL as an alternative to the NFL's social justice bullsh*t... think again: A queer rights ambassador on every team!  LOVE the Penguins' official Twitter account saying don't follow if ur not down with the homos. 
In my humble opinion the ethic solution is the cruelest available, because its my duty as member of society to kill those who tries to attack my family and destroy my country. Also its okay to excommunicate those who will be like "SHIIIIET, DONT YOU HAVE NO HEART?! THEY'RE KIIIIIDS, DUDE"
Heads up, the media will be blitzing this weekend with nonstop bullshit to make this seem like it was years ago. -Let’s see how this goes. (One thing is for sure, People are pissed off, and they should be.)
In the summer of 2000, Taliban leader Mullah Mohammad Omar announced a total ban on the cultivation of opium poppy, the plant from which heroin is made. Those caught planting poppies in Taliban-controlled parts of the country were beaten and marched through villages with motor oil on their faces. The fake war on terror brought back opium production for USA
BITTER vindictive egotistical nasty old man
But, just kicked your ass as a Christian. 
yeah "la Seine" is very nice these days !!! 
So what? I'd like to do the same with Muslims ... like those Somali rapists plaguing Europe.
Hijab hoax pissed off chineses https://youtu.be/xhO4TI1-UU4
Judging by the comments from some of the Lefty's on here ..big Jake is scaring the shit out of them.....I like that....
Seriously, look at this guy, I have met several guys like this, I don't know if its trolling or some disabled mindset.  
LBC isn't as bad, I'm not saying it's good but it's nowhere near as biased as the likes of the BBC. Just stay away from James O'Brien, he's a complete leftist twat. Hang in there :)
Do you like it up the shitter tan boy?
battle of ideologies never let anyone steam roll you for what you believe people say the left will never punch left well that is why they have trannies and fags and degeneracy the idea of never punch right is stupid because you make degeneracy feel like its home.  THE WEAK SHALL FEAR THE STRONG
Firstly, fuck you, it is not "near abandonned" or "decrepit," it is busy all day long (pic related, recent post times rn). 
Rotten Tomatoes will block anyone who tries to sabotage #BlackPanther fan score: ‘We do not condone hate speech’ 
Robert Mueller don't know anything... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=THkjRUDG314
normally i like em a little thicker but the hat really does it 4 me
RT 
Jew York Times warning about the evils of China's surveillance state. Of course, government spying is only bad when it's Muslims or Jews who are the target. Government spying is fine when White Gentiles are the target. 😏 
Diversity is WHITE GENOCIDE 
I can tell you that between the possibility of having eye surgery after a blinding round of two step and the impossibility of having children that aren't claimed by the nation that murdered Jesus Christ, my interest in a "Jewess" is the number that you can't divide by.
LOL 
https://heavy.com/news/2018/02/us-bank-protest-minneapolis-pipeline-photos-super-bowl/comment-page-1/#comment-5885253 
I had a “conservative” point me to that movie when I said diversity killed NASA. No joke. People buy that shit apparently.
IF YOU TRUST A MUSLIM  YOU ARE A FOOL
60% of muslims worldwide are illiterate. They cannot read the quran or anything else.
Suck more baby dick with your rabi friends
This day in white history month..... let's celebrate the life of Mark Twain and all the things he brought to life with his pen...... February is white history month, and you don't need the government's permission to celebrate.
They ran this commercial during the superbowl and some of you weaklings are still worried about being called a white supremacist fuck lol 
That's the thing. It just makes it easier to move people into something they are capable of moving into. It's not actual brainwashing. It just takes the hard edge off. 
who is ona? never heard of them. i cant imagine any healthy nazi movement being infiltrated by drug addicted sodomites who cut themselves, sacrifice animals and suck dick. any group infiltrated by that has to reevaluate wtf they are doing in life. i mean, im not the purity spiraling type but damn lol
Skate Board Parts yo. This is awesome. I’m sorry but I love watching Rome burn.
First Democrats take a knee to protest police brutality against black people. Then they condemn anyone for criticizing the FBI for attempting a coup against President Trump because they claim it undermines law enforcement. 
Tommys book busts the myth that islam is a religion of peace
Hear, hear brother! Keep an eye on the XYZ front too mate. Since the breakdown of free speech on the site, shabbos goys are applauding the decision based on "muh anti-Semitism"...
It's no wonder, though, really. You're bound to feel inferior and want blackwashing when your history can be summed up as:  200,000 BC: oogabooga me make fire 
If you hung Golding though you'd need some fucking crane wire or something. The fucking pie muncher would snap most ropes.
The children of Islam are born into a death cult 
Muslims will just beat the women that wear these to death so that other women will be afraid to wear them . Muslims have been oppressing and raping women for thousands of years. They know how to do it. Panties won't stop them .
I certainly will not attach to you as you seem like a pretty miserable human to be honest. You seem to wallow in your own morass! I can destroy any argument you would make but unfortunately you are clearly not intelligent enough to comprehend simplistic reasoning.  You seem to be highly indoctrinated (PHD maybe?) so you critical thinking has been removed.
If you're looking for a visible messiah, you will be deceived like the religious Jews were when the first visible servant of God showed up preaching for that invisible messiah called Christ. Christ is not a visible body. It's the pure thoughts of God without Satan and the Beast. Those pure thoughts are known to us servants as Christ, Son of God or Holy Spirit.
I understand white people use to do this as well.  
Those minority don't have a great history, so they have to steal one.
Has that frickin boon doggle Obama been arrested yet?
fuck you and fuck YOU  GIF|Photo|Poll;& 
Idiots / bastards ! I feel so sorry for those children !
Yup. 
Germanic , Scandinavian, Scottish! Best of the white race! Scottish temper with Germanic and Scandinavian build! Gotta love it! LOL 😂
Ummm it's called free speach Communist! That's the way it is around here , you don't like it because you can't do jack shit about it. This is not twatter, this is not faggbook, THIS..IS..GAB!
In 1913, the U.S. government not only legalized slavery via the income tax, directly and forcibly confiscating the fruits of people’s labor, but also, by way of the Federal Reserve Act, legalized a level of counterfeiting and bank fraud which boggles the mind. In short, the politicians gave bankers legal permission to make up money out of thin air, and to loan such fake, fabricated money out, at interest, to others, including governments. Though most people are unaware of the specifics of how such huge frauds and robberies occur via fiat currencies and fractional reserve banking, many people now have a gut instinct that the banks are doing something deceptive and corrupt. What they fail to realize is that it was the government which gave the banks permission to defraud and swindle the public out of literally trillions of dollars. 
You forgot Africa.. 
This guy is really rubbing me the wrong way does this zealot have no idea that the word Catholic literally means 'the church' which was stood up in Emmanuel the Christ, honor 30 years after he was crucified!?
Yeah I know, and if you attack jews they'll call you a cultural marxist. I've actually seen it. They claim we want a communist Hitler utopia filled with Muslims. Such idiots
Then German leaders should wack off his offending limb
If you're white and like Niggers you've got serious fucking mental issues.
ASK YOURSELF A SERIOUS QUESTION... BITCHCOIN WAS TRADING AT $11 IN 2011... AND HIT A PEAK OF $19,000 LAST MONTH... SO $1,716 RETURN ON EACH BITCHCOIN... ARE YOU TELLING ME... THAT WALL STREET MISSED OUT ON THIS MOST PROFITABLE FINANCIAL OPPORTUNITY... THERE'S YOUR ANSWER...
Go to google image, do a search for Marine graduating classes. Why are the Marines, all white and hispanic. Why are Negroes who are 15 % of the USA population only 2/100 marines. Jews are not the only people that don't fight in wars in this Country. Heck we have more Lesbians now than Negroes in the Marines. The American Negro we could afford when they were only 5 %.
“Hey, you maka’ me da food or I sue you!  I’ll pick it up Saturday”  How fucking stupid can people be?
One hand grenade and you have a cure for illegal immigration. Well for at least 7 of them....it's a start.
Shit I didn't know that, still good to keep around and publicize.
Buba offered to then-Attorney General Lynch the Supreme Court seat of murdered Antonin Scalia, in exchange for Lynch making sure the FBI investigation into former Secretary Hillary Clinton’s email server be stopped,  
Fuck roosh, tried to like the guy but he seriously seems like a cunt
Any suggestions for making it better ya fucking leaf?
I think Democrats will take Trumps 1.8 offer then cuck us on the wall and legalize all 11 million in 2020. 
How about someone digitally changing these images (whitening, Europeanising), then hack the BBC & overlay them for us. At least just give us the right colour!.
Are you still talking about South Africa or the Liberals in the US doing the same?
The first sign of a dictatorship is when all mainstream media reports in exactly the same way on key issues. That's what we are seeing in Britain now whether it's about Brexit, Trump, Russia or pretty much everything else. Cover-up of domestic corruption is well coordinated in the UK media as well.
Yeah that's what I'm thinkin too. He'll end up having an accident.
She could get a, part in the walking dead, no make up required
they suck up jewish propaganda as if it were cocaine.
Calling a Liberal Democrat Out on Being Rude to a Woman 
Cheddar man was a cannibal. He might have been a feral negro captured as a slave.
Becasue unlike your Pathetic welfare hogging unemployed ass, I have a useful degree, work, and pay taxes.
Why not, Catholics created Islam?
If the problem is "toxic masculinity," why is Europe frantically scarfing up as many toxic males as possible from other countries? 
You can shut the fuck up now and keep your retarded opinions to yourself.
Nope. You don't get to play that card.
they say the alien nigger is about 10,000 years old. that does fit the timeframe for the aryan migration. mebbe they found the alien niggers and wiped them out. but could be slave too.
#MustSee 
Do you hate all things that you are envious of? Did you ever have a Christian do better than you at work or school? Did you hate them for it? Do you hate all Christians because of this?
Dindu education: 
NO MORE CRIME........ PEOPLES STAND UP✊✊✊✊💪💪💪💪👊👊👊😠😡😠😡😠REFUGEES NOT WELCOME
I'd read only books by women, but I don't think a literary diet consisting of romance/rape novels, flawed sociology texts and makeup articles is healthy.
It's not the beat cops! It's the ASSHOLE Mayor deBlasio! 
My people didn't create Communism, nor did the Muslims...(((yours))) did 
We are Moving the Jazz Scene to Detroit. FK New Orleans .. We have the best musicians up North.
You are absolutely right; he is a liberal mouthpiece, and not a very good one at that. (You'd think a drama teacher could string a few words together into a coherent sentence!) His chief advisor, Gerald Butts, is really the PM. And he is just as arrogant an ass! Check out this brilliant piece of politi-speak. The Prime Minister's Office calling anyone who called JT on his absurdity, you guessed it, a nazi!
#JimCarrey is an #Illuminati fraud.. supposedly going 'zen'.. this dipshit is more vocal on politics than ALL #Church Establishment whorehouses combined. 
Hitler was a pragmatist willing to work with based jews, see the Nuremberg laws, and with faggots to an extent.
now if we could only get a few jew heads on pikes that would be great.
>be random thot 
My advice: don't play the PC game anytime or anywhere. For Obama, I use such terms as nigger, sodomite and racist extraordinaire. For blacks like Justice Thomas, Thomas Sowell and Alan West I call them great Americans. I never adjust my speech to accommodate the audience. I anyone dislikes my verbiage or can't stand truth I expel them from my life. True, I have few friends but they are good friends.
I've watched this Jackson Landers guy devolve from an employed "journalist" into just another deranged Left-Wing stalker. Here he is offering his "facial expression analysis" of people he tracks outside a courthouse. 
Haven't got my internet up yet since moving... tried to download   Real News while grocery shopping but keepvid was blocked by the free wi-fi.  I'm Jones'n for the Real News it seems. It's like.. whud I miss? I get Hannity on the radio and have enough data to Gab a bit here and there for updates...    
We don't need these raping and killing worthless black Niggers in America. Get the fuck out Niggers. Take a knee and go back to Africa you niggers.
Dam jews need to be shot on sight
"Maya Angelou then went on to play the only black role in the original Star Trek series."
She's in a container being sent to Saudi Arabia.
Colin Kaepernick is the classic stooge.  Raised by white family that; gave him opportunity, he might never have had.  Yet here he is  acting like, he is underprivileged and defending gangbangers and tattooed rappers.  Where in the hell did his parents being white go wrong.  They showered him with a great home and white siblings to grow up an enjoy the good life.  He falls for a BLM Afro American Communist indoctrinated hussy!  His life changes forever to what he was going to grow up to be anyway.  A communist idiot with no class and no job.
How am I lying? The Israeli lawless courts are leftist Kritocracies and are working with the UN. Unable to fully block the law in Israel, they are working to ensure that the US and Eurabia are more hostile to Israel and Jews get cleansed
Its time for all politicians to step down if they aren't for the American people and the American values. We the American people are tired of all the non American politicians that don't care about AMERICA and what AMERICA stands for.  
Well sir!!! This is the year 2018 we don't need any goddamn white male proof! We just need some fucking whore to make an accusation!!
This is actually spot on for Kaffir History Month.  The pet monkey of the west, Mandella's communists pioneered "necklacing" back in the 80's.  The practice is to stuff a tire over the victim and fill it with gas.  Takes about 20 minutes to kill them that way.  Authentic Black Invention, so there you go.
Uranium Scandal should be haunting the Angry Cankle Hillary 
Didn't want the non-existent Russian dirt.... just wanted to pay to find out how bad the NSA screwed up.... that's all.... really... no really....
I swear that all these virtue signallers have their fingers stuck so far and so firmly in their ears that their neural pathways don’t function correctly.
But you're the one who came around smelling the place up. 
LOOK WHAT COMMUNIST AT TWITLER ARE DOING TO AMERICANS NOW! SHUT DOWN THESE FUCKING KIKE BULLSHIT PLATFORMS!
JAPAN | No Country for FAT Western Womyn
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E-8nBc6O9jY Dirty Black Bastards. This was a childs funeral 3 days ago.
LA Times also stated that Trump was winning. That's not news: 
bLAH BLAH BLAHZAY YO GAY......fUCK OUTTA HERE QUEER
Putting women on ships-start of the downfall of the USN. I'm tired of paying 1 trillion a year for a bunch of whores and druggies. Women are supposed to be good at cleaning, but I went to utbube -ships with women on them, filthy ships. 
lol, who is this @soco cuck? Only has 120 posts, is he an employee?
There was new information. 
Nigger kidnaps woman, probably White,  drags her to his house, pisses on her in front of his friends, and beats her senseless. 
Interesting... 
@meh6000 
Do the Evangelical Whores, Mr. and Mrs. Pence know a war is coming to North Korea as they do a Kaepernick? 
WTF--"intellectual deficiencies"--they're ALL fucking stupid. 
Pornography is a filthy tool by (((them)) to normalize miscegenation, homosexuality, and other degenerate perversions.
Dr. Carson the brain surgeon? We're not going away. They are going to pay that f8cking restitution and royalties for the so-called HRC email crimes. $1.8bn? LOW FIGURE. And put that queer child molester Frosonos and McLaren in prison - for real this time. My traveling gifters saw to that.
I don’t have to go to Africa to listen to nonsense. 
My ford GT90 would beat your Challenger SRT in any race, fucking try it fascist.
They look like typical white trash.
"Everyone's responsibility?" Socialism talk. I assume most men are pro choice. Women just trick men and he has no say. Most humans are dumb animals 
antifa wishes they get the same image as you get and it pisses them off 2 i have noting in common with them yet this makes you and them crazy mad. and I GIVES ME WOOD.
She sure likes to paint the decapitation of White women.
The sooner DACA has died and "Dreamers" are shown the door, the soon Americans can be safe from the "Dreamer" crime rampage.
No need to apologize, the fucker's a usurper and nothing being done, the entire congress that never vetted and allowed the streetshitter to squat on the Republic needs prosecuting also.
The arms / knife look retarded as hell too.
"They chucked her in the van like a side of beef" 🎤🎶🎵🎙🎹 
Perhaps this is due to the fact America A: Is NOT the "bi-cameral" nation this libdummie thinks it is, and B: Our system is by design, adversarial? Naw that couldn't be it....
Admit #DACA #cheaters as #citizens but they can't #vote, nor can any family they bring.   And they have to pay for the #Wall.  Win-win
on alexjones.com/show today...Insurance companies admit they don't read or look at your doctors request for medical help...its all feed into a computer and the algorithms decide if you get the requested help.....The computer is actually named WATSON...after a German who used it to determine who would die in the concentration camps...cant make this up.
When glossy, coiffed pundits on cable news channels or in print endlessly bark about Muh Revolution In The Streets™️ w/ a side order of unpersoning, you end up with baseball diamond shoot-ups, white powder in envelopes. This won’t end well.
Oh shit, @Cyph the blue-gum bubba-gump looking pavement ape coming to the rescue of my personal nigger @Love. Dat be some heartwarming shit rite there!  
This sack of shit needs to be RICO'd ASAP. 
...what makes these idiot men think they make good lookjng women?? 
Conservatives are kike puppets Neocons #Cuckservatives #Brainwashed
FUCKING CHEAP TRICK TRASH SKANK
VALENTINE DAY & ISLAM 
lel are you a secret Commie? Is that why you covered that bar up?
I thought MY beak was huge!! She got that face from sticking her nose in everyone else's business!
https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/on-leadership/wp/2018/02/13/bill-and-melinda-gates-take-on-tough-questions-about-their-giving/?utm_term=.1c29a76736fa This fucking priceless piece the philanthropic power pair are trying a different format, marking the 10-year milestone of when the Microsoft founder
Mogg is cutting through. That is why the media and lefties are going ape shit and calling him a Nazi. He comes across as a decent family guy, who sticks to principles. Also there are many people fed up with forced diversity. It will be the Trump effect. The more the bash him, the stronger he becomes. Given Mogg's demeanour they will eventually be seen as bullies.
Once again, this traitorous schmuck, shows all of America his extreme poor judgement. Sent to Syria to check on the "rebels" and get back with Barry as to whether they were legit. He called them great patriots. They were all ISIS fighters. There to take over Syria also.
Oh, by the way, why does a Cornell grad misuse your versus you're?
https://youtu.be/f-8_FJewrhA?t=3m27s
Imagine those hands giving you a hand job. Yikes
The whole world dodged a bullet this election with Trump. We now have the same problem in CANADA under Obama' buddy Justin Trudeau.
Seems like most gab users are racist virgins .Don't get me wrong i love racism but why saying racist stuff here in this live topic "valenite day"?😧
I’m sorry, I’m not interested in fucking you.  Maybe you’ll meet someone that is one day.
HERE'S TO THE NORMAL PEOPLE WHO USE COMMON SENSE, LOGIC, LEARN FROM MISTAKES, RESPECT THEIR ELDERS, KNOW THAT MODERATION IS THE KEY TO HEALTH AND HAPPINESS. EXTREMISM EITHER WAY, LIBTARD OR RIGID PATRIARCHS, IS A FAILURE WAITING TO HAPPEN. IF YOU LIVE TO BE 65 IT MEANS YOU WERE RIGHT OTHERWISE YOUR ASS WOULD BE DEAD. NOW IT'S TIME TO SCHOOL THE FOOL.
What kind of twisted sicko person is this?!  Daffuh!!!!!!
I was first? You faggots need to step up. Have some God dammed agency. Behave like white men for fucks sake. 
Anyone against Trump’s America First doctrine is either a deep Russian mole, ala SALT, The        Amerikans or that Kevin Costner movie(I can’t remember the name) or a poorly educated moron. 
Just look at the Middle East... One race... They kill each other over what descendant they think is the new prophet... If everyone was One race they kill each other over eye color and hair color
Fuck Tay Tay. She loves Nigs and Kikes.
Just like niggers & kikes to hold up White peoples beheaded heads to make a vile statement of hate toward us, when will we get sick of the BS & start to take back what is rightfully ours, our invitations, our lands, our freedoms, and most importantly, our dignity from these low life good for nothing fools? I'm sick of these 3rd world idiots taking advantage of us.
(2) when we reach retirement age, the Social Security folks have us up and tally every penny we ever deposited, what our employers ever deposited, and from that derive what our stipend will be, they DO NOT take into account the fact their amoral spending has inflated the currency 1000% over these 40 years past.  
NC Toddler Killed Riding in Ambulance Crashed Into by Drunk Illegal Alien http://bit.ly/2EHwGL9  Hordes of illegal scum, including Dreamers, R in US thx to O, Ryan & their open borders to tribal indigents policy. Deport all illegals now! #tcot #pjnet #maga #lnyhbt #wakeupamerica #molonlabe
Modern Medicine: 
Ohhhhh I get it. Christ said "thou shalt open thy heart, thy borders, and thine buttholes for brown people or else thou is the worst sin of all, a racist."
He's being funny right? Or does he mean he sets them on fire after kidnapping (along w/pets) and before raping them? @ToddKincannon‍
Which part did you find the hardest to grasp, Joey? The FUCK YOU or the ASSHOLE?
#2A #Guns #FloridaShooting
I tend to buy the theory that they aren't his kids. Neither look ANYTHING like either parent & exactly like the family alledged to be their parents! 
I hope Utah has more sense than my fellow Alabamians.Their dumbasses voted Doug Jones in.#NoRomney #NoMitt pitch a damn fit.@Gop if you want a seat lost go ahead and make the democrats day by backing that joke.
Deluded low IQ welfare sucking scum. 
Post insightful OBS, crickets! 
Translation = Anyone I don't agree with is a Jewish agent. 
Remember the Left's 'Chicken Little' lie project of the 1990s - "Peak Oil"! US poised to become the world's biggest oil producer!! 
damn straight. good luck with that shit...
Because a lot of these people have been on psychotropic drugs their whole lives to cure conditions an ass beating used to solve and reared in a clown world full of moral decay and societal rot. I'm surprised more don't snap, actually. Liberal Postmodernism and open borders is social engineering gone horribly wrong.
Listen to this nigger bitch totally loosing her shit.  Unhinged subhumans.  https://www.facebook.com/alexis.brison.52/videos/406305666450041/
@AxelTruther: Watch "Future Speaker of the House Maxine Waters to bring 41k Somali Refugees to S. Central L.A" on YouTube - https://youtu.be/0ylt1H8K0gA 
How many white parents are going to send their kids into theaters filled with angry militant nogs? Good luck breaking all those box office records #blackpanther
Got to see his "interview" with that rat slime, Michael Issikoff. Assad treats the little shit and the situation with utter dignity; very impressive.
into this country in order for their party to cheat and win elections i told her she and the entire dem party are complicit to every murder  enacted by their illegals , i told her to go back to being an american like she and the dem party were in the early nineties before they all got brain washed by scum like obama
If i could kill you legally i would. Even if you could do the same to me
#AntifaFaggot UNC Professor Dwayne Dixon, charged with two misdemeanors for bringing a semi-automatic rifle to a rumored KKK rally. He will be charged with causing the death of Heather Heyer at CVille as well.The faggot's email is dedixon@email.unc.edu 
b'awwwwww you must be used to your low T hubby bending over for you, and now because of his lack of discipline, youre terrorizing me  youre lucky i dont live in tel aviv among you jewish peasants
Just got home. What the fuck happened today? 
Nice try but even stick figures are too deep for them to comprehend.
LOL, I'll just point out the obvious: Germany, Sweden, France, the UK, Greece, Italy, and others, are in the middle of a refugee crises brought on by their government disarming their populace.  You can bitch about the USA all you want.  The whole world sucks. AMERICA SUCKS LESS.  #2A is just one of the reasons why.
Oh my,so 17 dead kids are a hoax,Perhaps FBI should check out the person that posted this...
TBF, dude was a priest and NOT a crossing guard. Priests now have a sketchy rep as paedos. Dafuq you continue with the #fakenews shit? 
Yes, people send their kids to college for huge sums of money to get brainwashed by freaks like him. 
Gun Control reminds of first Star Trek Next Generation episode. Q freezes a red shirt for pointing weapon at him. Picard says that the weapon was on stun. 
So, where are you, now, dear shitlordi?
Of course what better mascot than your stupid fat ass. Thanks for doing the enemies work for them.
Your pics aren’t triggering enough. How about I send pics of dead whites killed by shitskins. That’ll teach me.  You need to escalate.
Mike and his bitch Barry ruined this country, muslims, blacks hating Whites instead of jews.
#NoMoreGoatShaggers 
PICKED UP DA HOMIEZ IN DAT STOLEN CHRYSLER 300 SITTING ON TWENTY EIGHTS FINNA SEE BLACK PANTHER NIGGA
couldn't stop or wouldnt stop... ?folks dont think we have nice people in these agencies. we had a terrorist , chief imama, in whouse for 8 years. do u think he is going to have nice people that dont do nefarious actions wrking for him? no
How many MILLIONS of ILLEGAL ALIENS voted for HILLARY⁉️Who cares, that had no IMPACT on the election. RETARDS.
Romney is remembered for the Obamacare prototype, for not fighting Gay Marriage, Speaking in front of Planned Parenthood, Being part of the Vulture Capital firm Bain, that destroyed companies and US Jobs with debt, and showing contempt for both the poor and the Deplorables.
What an f'ing joke. Waste of taxpayer $$ in the worst way.
"Rah Rah, 
LIES ! BS & Hilary along w/Islamocrats rigged our elections . Once a Liar always a liar .Trust the govt ??? NEVER!
*To that Bustle article in the picture* You mean the part where they have to isolate themselves from the rest of Africa to be a functioning society?
to feel like a good samaritan.  brainwashed well-wishers lining up for their untimely demise like lambs to a slaughter
I used to eat at Sambos resturant. Had a wall painted with a little niglett being stalked by a Tiger. I loved it.
4chan can find a flag in the middle of nowhere. The FBI can't find a person posting on the internet under his own name. https://imgur.com/TtasOoG
I once ate a watermelon out of a black mans ass
Yeah, I sure am glad these bitches have my best interests at heart.
It is truly disturbing that many serious Africans (serious in their beliefs at least) are threatening criminal savagery (rioting) if this movie isn't rated well. ...?  There is a cognitive delusion among many Africans wherein they believe this movie is — to some extent — real; that "Wakanda" is real.  This can't be explained *entirely* by IQ differences. Civilizational & psychological differences must play a part.
Future 
Man-gina is just a feminine label for males who are less than masculine. Heavens NO, I would never disrespect a 'vagina'. A vagina was God's finest creation...
Hearing voices ? After combat I see dead people everywhere ! 😎
Last warning to fuck off.
Yeah. He’s a tool for sure. Just another rich RINO who will act like Lindsey Grahamnesty and John Brain cancer. He won’t support the President unless it suits his interests. Utah can have him.
The Deep State is about to get  50 million boots up it's Deep Ass...
Drag him to the door by his balls and throw him out so hard he bounces twice. 
Not a Mosque in site. Or gangs of migrant Muslim men hanging around the street corners looking for women to rape like Sweden.
How is that jail in Cuba running for two decades and it's cool?  Get those lawyers on Trump's side. 
my post said "jews and muslims killing each other' win win 
You bitch, you coward, you dishonest spiritual kike worm. You were the one who intimated that RV was a faggot for criticizing you for looking like a gross unmanly slob, and now you want to bitch about psychologizing? Any white ethnostate would exclude you, because decent whites don't put up with trash like you.
ha good meme queer fuck
Her husband is a director of a department of defense contractor, this bitch is as big of a corrupt hypocrite whore as them all.
The reason we have not seen any indictments for Killary, FBI etc is because the corruption and treason is so massive and far-reaching that it would bring down most of our current government immediately. 
and What The Fuck are you doing in Chicago?
Is it any wonder we are being invaded by barbarians? It will take an uprising of men of a certain age because the young are hopeless and pussies
Nah don’t worry DA I’m good. Being born and raised in Chicago I learned real fast how to take care of myself.  because a female regardless if they have a bf or husband has to be smart about her personal safety. I have no sympathy for those dumb bitches that fall as easy prey to some dumb nigger or spic
We need to support this teacher for telling the truth when she knows she will be attacked by #Libtard #SJWs  https://www.facebook.com/kellygraley/posts/10156224702772958
Sadly they are for open borders and now are the rape capital of the world.
Gab is free speech.That was the stated goal when it was started... If you fucking monkeys try to use this like Twitter.. will spam your fucking page with all the fucking hatred that I could fucking bring. Do you monkey fucktard need to stay the fuck away from here and go back to your dying platforms. Facebook and Twitter. You fucking shit tarde half-wit assholes
Perhaps you are right if I could trade my life to rid the world of every Zionist I will gladly do so
LOLWUT???.... Pewtube doesn't ban shit does it???  WTF?
A homosexual character hits on straight guy and then wonders why straights are mad at him, there is full on sex with the sea monster, sadistic chained torture, many abusive white males and of course evil Russians. Total NWO propaganda but filmed exquisitely.
“There are too many happy white people and crosses...". 
Nah, i'm too much of a moralfag to do that.
Do cucks & civic nationalists ever consider what US & Europe will be like when they're minority White? 
And civil rights started with a nigger wanting to sit up front but look where that bullshit all ended up. If you give the (((left))) an inch they’ll just take the whole fucking thing. You can’t trust people that hate your race to do what’s in your Naton’s best interest.
@Penllyn‍ @Grock @John77 @asideofbacon @FrLemmen @mjrodksu @Sidephase @RaviCrux @kimcheetwo‍  
How did they manage to find her? 
Don't count Trudeau out.  His election strategy will be:  "Only racists vote Conservative" and that a vote for the NDP is a vote for CPC (split vote strategy). 
Labour's target voters before "diversity" (a traditional White heterosexual family unit) and after "diversity" (a screeching tranny).
But in print, you don't have the same Brit sounding lilt
Nah man, black people should never get the benefit of the doubt!
Shocking this guy lost...  
Well, this is disturbing...I guess they want to turn us into another socialist hellhole after they take our guns...
Absolutely no contact. She's dead to me. I didn't just whine like a victim. I tell people to bring awareness, if shit like this happened to me, it's happened and is happening to other children. The system is broken and people need to know about it. I have done safeguarding training so I am professionally qualified to spot and report abuse, infact I am legally required to, however I decided working in social services wouldn't be good for me. It's too personal which can ruin a case.
@deplorable2024  If I could repost your level of stupidity, I certainly would, but alas, you are a coward hiding in the bushes.    I am a piece of shit, never denied that.  At least I have the stomach to put it out there.  Fuck off ol' Biddy
He says, as he tongues another man's ass.
Y'know what I never see in my social media circles? 
They can take their halal and kosher back to the Middle East !
Depends on where you live. I am fucked since I live in Europe and our guns were taken away long ago. Americans still have a chance to not win a free trip into commie concentration camps.
They couldn't pick more screetching, ugly looking children who nobody can can relate to if they tried. Looks like almost 100% mulatto.
Also he's a fat cop the memes write themselves
Evangelical Fellowship of India says persecution of Christians is on the rise https://www.christiantoday.com/article/evangelical.fellowship.of.india.says.persecution.of.christians.is.on.the.rise/126089.htm
I'm moving so not worried about self doxing... thats down the street from where I live rn. I live just off the college campus here. Its niggerville. I call it Detroit Jr.
True. But without "men" you end up with things like "stupidity", and "idiots".
Ah yes the eternal slut. The death of nations
Some people wish for world peace.  Chris Rock wishes more white kids would get shot.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fF7qzqb_wQc
Here's a deal for them, we'll let your family members out of prison and you can all live happily ever after together in the shithole you came form
Donald Trump accomplice to treason.
MILLENIALS.......hmmmmm............chances are good your mom gave me head for better grades.
Voting Democrat should lead to that person having their guns removed immediately These people are way too high risk to own weapons, Voting democrat should be classed, As having a dangerous mental illness !
The beta male is like a jew, always wants to start shit but plays victim when people clap back, that is why they ban us.
After WWII if Jews would have just kept their heads down, their mouths shut and integrated into society none of the things they feared would have ever happened. Now they're looking at a self-fulfilling prophecy. 
When in the hell did we lose common since. When did it become law you cannot offend someone. What has happened to men. When did the transformation hit that men have become girly boys who don't know what sex they are? We defend womens honor and protect them and provide safe and comfortable environments. We spend our entire life trying to make em happy. But yet we cannot get a little pussy for a while.
It's so funny to see these libs doing all this 'ban bump stocks' shit. They can ban them all they want. 3D printers are getting cheaper and cheaper and anyone that has one can print a bump stock if they really want one. Hell you can even print an entire gun. What's next libs? Banning 3D printers? Banning the material used in them? Banning lead or other materials so people can't make their own bullets. You think the  FBI is going to go chasing down the guy who downloaded a plan to print a 3D bump stock? Hell they didn't even follow up on the tip they got about Cruz when he said on social media he was the next school shooter. They are so clueless.
Congress should pass a law that requires armed security at all public schools and universities. 
Poland should stop denying that they planned the #Holocaust along with Germany. 
Washington DC is the first place to have armed guards at every door and the last to deserve them. If you piss us off that bad,you deserve to get shot . Remember  
muslims along with leftards are not the brightest lightbulbs in the socket
First the CIA are professionals, who basically work undercover and most of the time its overseas. So with that in mind as a small sample what makes you think that they would waste their time with high school kids.??  They have better things to do than deal with that kind of crap. That kid does not know the difference between A and Z.
It's only a matter of time before he became just another politician..... The oath they take means nothing anymore.
I have nephews and nieces who have been brainwashed immensely (i have no kids) and I have been red pilling them.  But the brainwashing is immense.  Liberalism is the transformation of mankind into cattle.  That is what they are unfortunately!
big push for anti depressants today, fyi common side affect can be suicidal tendency's kinda like all those kids that kill themselves every year and if you have a brain better than a fish you will remember when it was big news a few year ago when it got really bad
I wish we were doing the same, instead of leaving it to corporations to exploit, it's the 21 century space race and America is gonna lose because we're worried about tide pods and teenager's gun-control opinions, the left pushing race based politics and supposed racism that only exists in their minds, we've been fucked mentally.
It's amazing how niggers cry about underpaid teachers and fast food workers yet never cry about overpaid Nigger athletes. Not a wise choice of meme here but it is a dumb Nigger.
Vonn, you like niggers so damn much, go live in Zimbabwe, don't come back, traitor bitch, cunt
I think it is @NotGuiltyMlud3  who is the asshole here.
A bunch of kikes dismantled the Australia White Immigration Policy.  
Hey wtf ? I bet this is @u fucking mit us,
Nazi's dindu nuffin. Also like uncle Joe I prefer talking to 14 year olds. Hehehe.
It's *Moslem, BTW. Learn how to spell. Study some history. Then, come back and we can talk after you've learned some basics. I'm opposed to antisemitic shit handlers. I suppose you're an atheist, too. LOL
No, they're not. We don't want them. The only reason fags are welcomed is because turn-coats and neocons want to prove they're "tolerant." In doing so they support the lefts agenda by accepting you bug chasers. Homosexuality is a mental disorder at a minimum. Go look up STD / homo / pedophile stats. The only red pilled you could be is if your aids pills were red.
@ironwand    
Apparently soy-dick misses the spot.
'chicken-lovers' Come on Brits, just call them niggers, it's okay... say it N-I-G-G-E-R
The whole world needs civil war
... with the other faggots.
I rented from Enterprise 3 times a year, FUCK them now, never thought they would shit on the NRA been a member since 1969.
I will meet all of these mother fuckers at Fort Sumter...
The question is, was it just a retard having a stupid accident or a RETARD LIBTARD being a liberal terrorist?
If the day ever comes that I self-describe as a "social media influencer," this Tweet is your permission to kill me and rape my corpse.
and here we see the faggot it its natural habitat
Jews are afraid that America associating with them will reveal how peaceful it is to be without immigrants from shithole countries.
Now if a man looks at a girl without permission it's called rape. That's why there are so many more so-called rapes this year than last. It's become fashionable to be raped. Women want to be like celebrities who are all #metoo. 
Isn't it insane how even with this evidence, Leftists will still deny reality?
Who Said It best Hitler or democrats 
Kristol is a corrupticrat who cares nothing for citizens nor immigrants. He wants to profit from chaos.
You've got Nads Patriot, I'll give you that! :) 
Black Justice: New South African President Vows to Steal All White Lands, Give No Compensation 
they have to work that hard because the reality is mass shootings are rarer than leprosy cases in Sweden. Here are the actual stats. On the other hand, 16 kids a day die from vehicle accidents in US, mostly from texting. No media outrage there.....
Another one with 1 chance left - you fucktube https://youtu.be/CYE1-7NSG2g
I think rigged elections and corrupt politicians are to blame for both of these fuckstains!! There is no fucking way that barrack Hussein obama was elected twice and no one in their right fucking mind would vote for screwdeau!!!
Jew Mona Charen speaking at CPAC. "I'm actually going to twist this around a bit and say that I'm disappointed in people on our side for being hypocrites about sexual harassers and abusers of women who are in our party, who are sitting in the White House, who brag about their extramarital affairs..." Typical Jew stab in the back 
Of course you are correct.  Thanks.  I just get so pissed with the left wing assholes I sometimes have a knee jerk (miss think or miss spell) moment.
Rosco say....Fuck That Bitch. 
STH AFRICAN PRESIDENT DOUBLES DOWN  ON STEALING LAND FROM WHITES!: Just think all the myths being spread about ancient Brits being black, blacks being inserted into British history by the BBC are just the softener for a future when blacks rule for them to STEAL YOUR LAND too!  Oh yeah it's coming unless you get active! http://bit.ly/2GL8KUj #BritFam #GabFam
While the young "badasses" sit in Starbucks, drinking coffee on their parents' dime, debating comic book plotlines, and planning their next trip to Whole Foods. For fuck's sake, don't any of the younger males want to FIGHT anymore? Soccer hooliganism is an outlet, sure, but it's a waste of time. Fight, young men.....fight!
This what I'm talking about check the date.... 
This is GAD Ladies and Gentleman !  Pure hate filled filth   THIS IS WHY TWITTER WILL NEVER GO AWAY   THIS IS WHY YOU CANT GET WORLD LEADERS TO JOIN   Amazing how ignorant so many are
Really?? you can't make this BULLSHIT up,, I cant believe a grieving parent hasn't put him in the hospital or the ground... 
Well you sure got this 'opinion' wrong. 
Ur evil and a need for reassurance and comfort from others (male only for some reason)  is  normal!!!
These horrible shootings are only a distraction! Stay Focused America #DrainTheSwamp They're trying to take guns so We The People have nothing to fight back with! We should cry over the children! But don't lose focus! The real A**holes that are doing this are not good people! They are trying to get control with FEAR! #WakeUpAmerica #StandUpAmerican
Rush is right, 98% of the time over the last 28 years or so...wake , america, wake to this fuk government. we are one half inch from tyranny
They're filth, & just care about flooding the world with rats to forward their own agenda. FILTHY KIKE CUNTS!!
F apple, As the list grows of those Multi-National Companies that are #boycotttheNRA it really gives us supporters a chance to be heard #votewithyourWallet. #boycotttheboycottthen lets sit back and watch their stock collapse. #lovetheNRA to hell with kids that can drive only text running my country, can't VOTE can voice your opinions. all Hillary fans.
The heart pumps blood, you're just reflecting the scientific illiteracy of the ancient Hebrews.  They had no idea what they were talking about and you're taking them seriously.  Having a hunch that unicorns exist doesn't prove that unicorns exist, nor that believing in unicorns is a worthwhile thing to do.
Yeah I figured when you mentioned Keynesianism you weren't crazy 😂 , you should delete the post after to protect your commie Troll image though, i like it. Its even more  unfortunate that we are moving further away from sane monetary and fiscal policy and towards this Crazy unfettered, monopolistic inequality fueled form of capitalism, I feel your struggle
they want your second amendment and rubio (republican cuck) is on board 
That fucking pisses me off
Thanks Bill...Mr I Did not have sex w that woman!
Hogg, Fuck you and CNN,Twitter,Facebook,HRC,SOROS,Obama,Bush to HELL!
When we fail to discriminate against "illegals" we fail to enforce the laws against criminals...
Even as a child she sucked!
I never would have picked them as feminists. Australian #TinderThot 22
“Amazing leadership”....BULL FUCKING SHIT!! HE is responsible FOR EVERY PERSON HE HIRES!! So rip that fuckers records apart and FIND A WAY to get him fired!!
the fuck is viewpoint discrimination
He's such a smarmy little fuck.
From what I see we have no constitution ,POTUS cant even stop the killers from coming in our country , oh by the way I am sure all the criminals' will turn in there Bump stops
BULLSHIT!!! #coward #Parkland  More like he was too close to retirement to take the chance?  Please keep in mind the resignation was entered as part of the retirement process. 
Rp the fuck outta dis 1
I agree 100% that it's best for EVERY-ONE if MGTOW's MGTOW. Get that inadequate DNA out of the gene pool! Buh bye!
Anyone who is have censorship issues with Twatter or ScrewTube contact this lady she is compiling court papers to go after them !  https://www.youtube.com/user/Natasha78d
Russians banned GMO'S not because it will hurt US. They banned them because they are an Abomination. They are trying to rewrite our Divine DNA.   Russia trying to sway US opinion on GMOs, researchers say | TheHill  https://search.app.goo.gl/tx9s 
Trudeau has about as much testosterone as my castrated dog after a military drill .. Get that idiot cuck boy out of office in a hurry please .. #MuhRainbowColoredSocks
W T A F?!?!?
So I just imagine a bunch of leftists handing their guns over to the spics and getting shot,over and over. Hand over,shot,hand over,shot. They see it happen,but refuse to believe it'll happen again cause assuming that all spics would shoot honkies would be racist.
Me neither. In fact, it is my premise that they are involved.. that seems to be the most obvious solution as to why it was allowed to continue for so long. These are whores, just like our politicians. Whoring off our nations and families to evil.
Send that little cunt to the guillotine, then mount his head on a spike and have it decorate the outside of the whitehouse.
Throw every one of the traitor son of a bitches off the bench and hang them RFN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5H-l4urjGQw  
Fuck them all. We must remove kebab and turn all their mosques into pubs.
Where are all the White people?  White Genocide in action....Congress/Senate sold out to Allah....
Nice false equivalency you cretinous niggerstain. 
Kek stay ass blasted Moshe. Why don't you write another 5 posts dripping your digital menses all over the place?
"That's why Sicilians have dark, curly hair.  You're part eggplant."
Glenn Beck is a buffoon........ Do you know, Beck was still dissing Trump....even after the nominations.....when it was a choice between only Hillary and Trump... 
Maybe he just thought you looked like a sand nigger because you’re wearing a shemagh in your avatar pic like a sand nigger would.
I'm now a male to ALPHA MALE tranny, I demand doctors give me 400 milligrams of steroids a week, paid for by the government, so I can get fucking jacked. This is a violation of my civil rights!
Seriously though, that was the first shit I saw on my feed this morning; it's like every day, Gab tries to outdo itself. 
Well, that's just it; fathers like that insure that the daughters will never be fitting mothers, but at best, confused pieces of ass, and at worst hysterical lunatic cat ladies. This is fundamental "why we can't reproduce ourselves" kind of stuff.
I' m going to Mexico to vote in the election to prevent them from coming to America. 
Clearly the Peoples Republik of CommieFornia is on fast track to becoming Venezuela Norte !  https://twitter.com/StacyLStiles/status/968355108932251648
Soros needs to die like a diseased dog in the middle of Main Street/
Is there anything that doesn't offend Muslims? Well, except for mass killings committed in the name of Allah, rape and abuse of women and children, and all the evil deeds perpetrated by Islamic adherents... 
Thing is, the Lion had at sense of who he truly was! Israel is arrogant, self agrandizing & convinced of his lack of blame in the whole event!
That's hilarious.  The two fags that replied before me need to wash the sand outta their vaginas
A soyboy C U C K explains how he was raped by his wife’s boyfriend, so he’s sending her to go meet with him one last time to “break things off.”
Funny how there was no sign of his "Activism" online or how much he cares. it  took his dead classmate's bodies to get his top spot and actually acted like an Anchor on that CNN interview the little boy is a joke
Dicks Sporting Goods ! Ha ha 
hitler wass a fag michael
LMAO, It's "New" Moderators? Who did they hire? John and Tony Podesta? HRC? DWS? Laid off DNC employees? Good grief these people are stupid, and it's obvious they are feeling the backlash. Stay strong Bombards.
Hogg looks more evil that Cruz! World's most punchable face!
The stupid is very strong in you....FACT. You are NOT incharge of a COUNTRY...SORRY.
Teacher Says “I Was Told They’d Be Using Blanks” & Hogg’s NRA Conspiracy Theory - YouTube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Oxo2_LzedM
Since the end of WW2 the literary world has slowly turned the pro-White, European, hetrosexual protagonist into a total faggot SJW, virtue signaling, multicultural idiot. 
I know who she is. She's been on Tucker a few times. I even looked up her writings and it was shallow airhead stuff like talking about cute outfits and stuff.
#USA #Iraq #MiddleEast #Islam #Muslims #IslamicTerrorism 
A Thursday shout out to all you American patriots!  Stay vigilant over these next two years.  It's going to take that long to at least chop off the worst heads of the hydra.  There will be more false flags to hide the sedition, treason, pedophilia and murder.  Satan doesn't care, he will kill us all if he can.  Start carrying. 
https://www.naturalnews.com/2018-02-25-americas-youth-snowflakes-cant-throw-grenades-in-army-basic-training.html  
I read it.   There's absolutely zero historical facts that can excuse taking land without compensation and killing these farmers.   The land was empty and not utilized. Whites created south Africa.
Dem wuz da wrong btuthaz nigga
They’ve already cucked on trannies. John McCain threw a tantrum when Obama allowed them in the army, then threw another tantrum when Trump tried to kick them out.
Its an organization but the daft bastards think its a country
@SurvivorMed I just muted this piece of shit jew, eat shit jew fuck, go back to sucking the blood out of childrens dicks, sick as fuck paedo jew filth
France, a cowardly shithole that gets pissy over ISIS pics.
It's funny they're the ones that created the echo chamber. 
I can do anything, i am working in current webtechnologies and i am constantly updating my knowledge but working with other frameworks besides m y own is a pain in the ass. i would have to learn the this particular wordpress system to make sure it wont cause any problems i also need info on possible javascript libraries inside WP
She is literally FUCKING CRAZY !!!
EEeeeeks    that and a $5 fine every time we say shit  = 0
Trump can offer her Sanctuary and free her from that Shit Hole. 
That's actually what I meant I'm retarded.
Did you know because of what POTUS did caused 500,000 to join NRA? And MASSIVE GUN BUY? Bigger than Onigger? THINK ABOUT IT 4 A WHILE!
This co is like Dicks. They sell to coastie libs.
No. Next question. (Unless by paying you mean joining the choir invisible after croaking from tertiary syphilis)
I like how people like Asian Jake Paul are allowed to stay on YouTube, but people like Sargon of Akkad should be banned. This cunt should change his name to Twicegum because of how two-faced he is. 
The government is not going to accept SA whites as refugees, so it is up to us the individuals to go in and get them out before they are killed.
This is awesome - whites shouting racism and filing lawsuits!  Where do I sign up ?
I don't know what they are, but they all came on my page and called me ethnic slurs, like I would care. I'm sure they aren't as bad in reality as they are on here. They are probably just larping. But yeah, one lady announced to all her followers I was a "kike" in disguise, and a bunch of morons posted.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Laws_against_Holocaust_denial  
The Wikileaks emails show that Jew gremlins like Podesta and Satanists like Clinton and the DNC are actively trying to influence Catholics. How long? I think this might explain the change in Catholic culture since Vatican 2. So let’s see. We abdicate  
My wife went to the store and bought some groceries and asked for stamps (postal stamps) and the cashier said she would not have any until next Wednesday but would sell $200 in stamps for $100 cash. She had to explain what a postage stamp was. True story. IGA NC
Not much to choose between the Nazis and Antifas, in their objectives and modus operandi. But it is more than that. Degenerates; social, sexual and political, lacking any transcendent principles (ignoring even those of natural science), respect for self and the rest of society, think that they are progressing humanity while they cavort in the pig wallow.
For the individual whose scruples arise from a selfish unwillingness to recognize duty, the categorical imperative is the only prescription.
words mean things. The Left understands that and works it hard.  So should we. 
Follow me for PRO WHITE NEWS AND TALKING POINTS 
Common sense like this only applies to people that have common sense.  You can see why the facist don't get it.
You know, we actually used to have armed teachers in school. They were armed with paddles. Back then school was a more orderly place, and we didn't have a whole lot of mass shootings there.  
#WeatherWarfare 
Nice one, lol 
Yea, they have over stepped there bounds, I am in the process of getting rid of all google accounts of any kind. I have ran into a problem, I can’t access gab on tor browsers but I will not stop, I am done. I am not the biggest fan of Alex Jones but when I look at YouTube all of any good content is gone. Fuck em and let em burn.
The Holocuast was BS. This was real 
presented without comment  these shits will push to turn texas blue
Eric Holder is an idiot. He is totally ineffective himself.
Human right's lawyer? Hmmmm similar to that Sami Chokraborty, who milks the public purse? High class leaches!
It's frustrating to watch politicians who know next to nothing about a topic write law!
Voting works till gerrymandering/censorship erodes it. 
no fucking way, that shit is worse, and their dead owner was a cretin to boot.
Makes me wish for extinction to happen so we can start the human race over. I would hope for only the smart people to survive instead of the stupids, but unfortunately, that idea won't work either. so we're sunk. =_=
whoa dude, those club things look pretty nasty, you better watch those optics ya fuckin cuck
The NRA has officially endorsed a handgun for Democrats that both conservatives and liberals will be able to embrace. It makes the perfect Christmas gift for your left wing friends! @ChrisLoesch @dloesch @benshapiro @RealJamesWoods @PatriotWriter @mitchellvii #parody 
i don't give  a shiznit,i used to like robert deniro that POS i'd smack him with a glove like a rich english men,george clooney i never liked,sam L jackson is ruining avengers for me,these idiots have to put their politics in everything,don't they understand that with out us fly over country folks they have no money or fame,same with our bureaucratic failures
I was just responding to your point that people will listen but they may call you a fag...I said it in jest. No harm ment.
Reparations to be paid in the form of a one way ticket back to their mud huts in africa.
They're too stupid to learn anything, from anybody!
The US is a sovereign country. Italy is a minor EU victim in shackles (and a NATO whore).  Without Immigrants, who is going to do all the fucking? Italians sure don't, population numbers are quickly approaching the abyss. Voting isn't enough. Especially in Italy.
Lefties have no intelligence or they are lying pieces of excrement like you!
A cucked man 
Only in a delusional and arrogant world of the antivaxxer would I be seen as the mentally unstable one.  It's like talking to a toddler with downs every time I encounter one of you subhuman cretins.
heard sjw dipshits are all pissed off about this game bc muh atheism is hurt with xstian talk. this means Im buyiong it
The White Race? Thank God Illegal Aliens Will Be Deported, It's OK To Be White, We Have A Chance! America, Hear Our Voice. First It Was The Natives, Now Whites Are Under Attack & Not By Killing, By Mass Migration, No Open Borders!!! "Let's Make America Great Again!"
And even though Beyonce is touted as a strong black women, she tries her hardest to look just like that.
Surely they should be giving him an award and arresting the fuckin idiots that bought it 😂😂
The old... reason feminists have 2 sets of lips... 
https://qanonmap.github.io/ So Many New Q's! #adrenochrome #childtrafficking #qanon #haiti these people are fucking sick...
Don’t give a fuck what they call us TBH only speaking the truth!
Why does her tired ass keep showing up?Such a disgusting woman very mannish looking mmm could be, looking for a payday to finish its failed sex-change.Anyway, disappear you bore me and that pisses me off.
It's all good. Give 'em hell, Chris. Hope ya make the Trust fund Trotskites fucking destitute
Would it be bad form if I gave him the bullets first?
Tell that to this abomination 🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮
Yeah, and there's shit loads of the twats.
CLINTON LOOKS LIKE A CLOWN LOL
CNN says the rise of populism is "destabilizing" Europe. 
but we don't allow guns in the UK, and the US has an assault weapons ban.. I wonder where these dicks will get lawful automatic weapons?
We have no love for duplicitous Jews and the boomers who emulate them. Now put us on your goddamn twitter-tier block bot list already.
I see NRA ads everyday on Youtube. 
I'm always trying to draw when I have time, you'll probably catch me sneaking in a quick sketch, a thumbnail, a "rough". I try to be calm when encountering staggering levels of smug fucking cuntface, but I am in California, that can be asking too much at times. I am a "Mexican Adjacent" prepper, I stock up on tacos and burritos, I end up eating them, cause reasons.
"Appalachian poor whites" don't get any aid. Welfare in this country is disproportionately directed towards non-whites (particularly single mothers). 
Insane. It's almost as if George Soros paid David Duke to endorse Donald Trump.  But who would ever think of something as clever as to smear a man with shit, then when the flies show up accuse the man of attracting the flies instead of the shit you smeared on him?
Getting off scott free.and I've been so hoping he would end up in prison along with his fellow liberal criminals Obama and Hillary and many other of his felonious co-horts over the past 50 years. I despise this traitorous bastard, he sold out my brothers in Viet Nam and got away with it. He has a hot reservation in Hell waiting for him.
There should only be one plan. It should be the Fourteen Words. ANY deviation from that as the purpose is a loss for us and a win for our enemies. If we can all get onboard with that plan, we can have numerous ways to implement securing that future for us. Anything less is ego masturbation by people trying to secure the biggest place at the table. Knock it the fuck off
Because California is ran by liberal morons
The real Desarea Millers would whoop your ass.
They always bring up the Emma Watson-looking ones and ignore the thousands more that are, uh, pleasantly homely.
god that would be glorious, 1 question, whens the fucking debate, and where can i buy tickets. 
unused safety belt right side driver HK 
Trannies are often as homicidal as they are suicidal. Other tranny serial killers and murderers include: 
THIS IS THE PROBLEM. There are over one billion of these whackos and ten percent  (over 100 million by the way) will happily kill you and your family! Get them out of civilized countries. NOW!
Purging the Strasser brothers who wanted an alliance with the Soviet Union is treason? Haha Heimbach your Russia fetish is showing. So much for your and TWP's muh tradition muh values LARPing since you want the known homosexual Ernst Rohm to maintain power. You are a crypto-communist and you're not afraid to show it.
For us nationalists it is also pivotal not raise those religious among us as it is the most surest way to weaken our resistance.
Yeah, but most of the conspiracy theorist think it's happening in America and Europe.  It's not, however the reason they think it's happening  it more of a bunch of well intentioned bull shit that "white genocide" conspiracy theorist don't understand.
I'm told Denver in Colorado has become a shit-hole and a dangerous place to be in since they legalized dope there in 2014. But you won't hear about it from the mainstream media where drug use is rife.
You're really not sending the best.
Whats funny is he's wrong. Online is not required for recruitment
Refusing service on the basis of any of those categories is discrimination, sorry.
Ten days? Ha! If you moose limbs attack Israel, the war will be over in about 10 minutes, with mushroom clouds hanging over your former capitals.  http://www.breitbart.com/jerusalem/2018/03/09/erdogan-affiliated-turkish-newspaper-calls-for-army-of-islam-to-defeat-israel-within-10-days/
"Hey man you think you could be a little less lame dude?"  
Sweden started self-destructing through demotism when it was still basically 100% white. Bio-Leninism was a later development. It was demotism that *caused* diversity and bio-Leninism.
Asian women are f...ugly.  Only old men and idiots marry Asian women.
It was meant to be a little humorous to get under the Liberal's skin, but the serious side is to bring them stateside. I'm sure they would adapt in a nice rural setting vs watching their back and the backs of their children, every night and day.
Take a bullet like a fucking man you faggot  -me to that gay faggot Nigger kike David Hogg. I'm not a fag but I'd fuck him if he came into my cell on death row in Texas.
I read your timeline and there's nothing entertaining there. You may well get bored because you are fucking boring.
Agreed! He just opened a can of worms that will not end well for their state. NRA is already taking them to court for violation of the 2nd amendment. As everyone has already stated in GAB, no one has addressed the complete failiure of Broward County Sheriffs or the FBI.  This should get interesting
The White Man everywhere sets up a PRODUCTIVE economy, in which 
Yes ma'am, and we'll warm up @TheRealDonaldTrump45 before we shove him in an oven. 
@RabbiHighComma‍ E.g, not only was (((Gould))) wrong about skulls, we now know that tooth size also varies by race. Negroes have the smallest skulls/largest teeth, vs Orientals with the smallest teeth/largest brain sizes. This "scientific racism" explains why chimps & monkeys have larger teeth than humans, for which anti-racists have no explanation.
"20million here, 15 million there 60 million over in that place, all over the globe" – yes, hundreds of millions of Whites in Russia, Brasil, Romania, Serbia, Hungary etc, who are denigrated as "mongrels" by American Le56%face Thor-larping keyboard warriors.
If you were a Muslim? Would you rather fuck a goat or this?
For too long EVERY former president from #GeorgeBushSr to @BarackObama has sold #America out & allowed it to be #Raped by #Globalists It stops w/ @potus #DonaldJTrump Level the playing field & charge companies like @Apple that defect to #China a 25% tax on all their products! #MAGA  
We really need to stop this bullshit
My Twitter account has been locked 4 me defending myself&r country against subversion. My comment was :   "@ColinFerri we can (No) longer tolerate idiotic talk from fools like u. U will need to b tried & executed. CA etc r on the verge of war with US."  .
It's an *extremely* extremely, EXTREMELY, bad idea to kill God's servants on Earth. That is one line I never cross. Katy Perry is in deep trouble. https://www.buzzfeed.com/amberjamieson/katy-perry-nun-convent-dead?utm_term=.nkOP0PqYl#.hhQdXdbmx
European Resistance: 
Lawyer up and sue the shit out of them.
thats so manly I always said if i ever get molested i hope its by a real man who smokes hand-rolled cigarettes with no filters if some vaping queer molested me i would be humiliated 😞
Then why are there still so many beheadings in Saudi-Arabia? I call bullshit.
Go back to your Nazi Twitter freak.
Oh man, the church went along with the power in Europe of the day (NationalSocialism) just like it goes along with the power of today (jews pushing faggotry and racemixing) and Hitler made allies of convenience to have buffers in other parts of the world therefore JESUIT NWO GLOBALISTS STUFF THAT DOESN'T MAKE SENSE! NOT THE JEWS NOT THE JEWS NOT THE JEWS
Apart from when your members fuck kids or murder people. You fail to condemn and distance yourself. Surely you should be apologising for every criminal act EDL members commit like you expect from certain communities. One of your loyal members just got 17 years for raping children.
‘George Soros wants to remove Slovakia’s anti-immigration government.’ 
Finally, there is proof The Donald met with russian agents.
Well your welcome to South Carolina, we have great weather and great beaches. You want to get here before California takes us over because they have turned their State into a shit hole now, with Libs,gays, and disrespectful people.
You wouldn't want that image Stuck in your Head for the rest of your Life. Nasty Old Nigger Hag Pissing down her Arm/Legs (Missing the Cup) into her Urine Soaked Socks & resting into a Puddle below.
I am really glad you mentioned the Jew plague. As a Country of responsible humans, WE need to consider the problem of dual-citizenship. Especially with ANY desert culture. The Jews commit crimes worldwide and flee back to Israel. They are spraying the world with toxins. Does anyone believe that George Soros would not be protected by Israel? HE IS RIGHT NOW!
I don’t need to buy at Waitrose no more. Can’t these people look down their pants to see what they’ve got? I’m done with this shit
That has more to do with the ideology rather than the people itself. Its not like i think orthodox judism is any less abhorrent. Hell pretty much all dogmatic faiths are the root of many atrocities.
UK: 1,000 more children as young as 11 abused by Muslim rape gangs, police again did nothing https://www.jihadwatch.org/2018/03/uk-1000-more-children-as-young-as-11-abused-by-muslim-rape-gangs-police-again-did-nothing
Yeah, we're all surprised that subhumans act like subhumans.
Bath house Barry needs to move back to Kenya immediately!!! #nigger
A nigger lover and traitor to her race.
Special elections coming up, and people are mobilized to vote Democrat because they hate Trump and the idea of MAGA.  They threaten to leave America if things don't go their way, but never do because there really is no better place to live (though they'll never admit it).  Where do you have to go, though, if we become just another libtard country?  Vote MAGA!!
EDDIE YOUR GAY PHOTOS DONT KICK ME THEY ONLY KICK YOU AND YOUR FAILED FAMILY U DUMB HOMO. YOU WERE BULLIED BY YOUR FAMILY WHEN YOU CAME OUT EHHH EDDIE http://www.pornwikileaks.com/video-eddie-dzial-aka-edward-bernard-przydzial-was-bullied-by-his-family-when-he-came-out-as-gay/
“I know your works, tribulation, and poverty (but you are rich); and I know the blasphemy of those who say they are Jews and are not, but are a synagogue of Satan. Revelation 2:9 
I see a fake test in the works this is more of her spin she is a clown from the tribe of funny mouth
This little Twat crisis actor should be removed from this Planet by any means necessary.
Good, that makes you easier to find when shit hits the fan!
And they are Stupid ! (not just ignorant).  You can teach someone facts, but You can't fix stupid
Giving women, blacks and socialists the right to vote was a mistake.
whatta surprise (not) 
why do you keep REGURGITATING NONSENSE BULLSHIT from JEW HISTORY BOOKS? 
really? THEN WHY did GOD say to the JEWS "ye are of your father THE DEVIL and the will of your father YE WILL DO. He was a murderer from the beginning and NO TRUTH is found in him" 
Makes perfect since   next attack / flash flag  NEW YORK, NEW YORK SCHOOL?  OUR FELLOW CITIZENS HAVE BECOME OUR ENEMIES BY THEIR OWN DECLARATIONS.  I HONOR THEM WITH FULL VIGOR.  YOU ARE MY ENEMY.   DEATH TO TYRANTS
he's tappin more lady ass than us. not nearly as faggy as almost all boy bands.  still have to support anyone the left is trying to take down for their retarded twisted victim-laced and jealous world view. #dontbejealous
Posts a picture of her bikini and calls me skank. 
LOL HOMO YOUR FAKE TEST HAS ALREADY GOT YOU BANNED HAHAHAAH https://pastebin.com/YvuQZtdE  YOUR STILL FAILING WITH YOUR FAKE NEWS. COME BACK TO USA LOSER! I GOT SOMETHING FOR U!
That is simply a reason to exterminate all Moslims wherever you find them 
Time to put some muscle into solving problems... some manpower... the college princesses are hysterical nymphomaniac traitors to the working class.
A whore who prides herself on being able to take double anal is NOT a credible source of information. 
This is what Hillary Clinton's gynecologist finds when she comes in for her annual pap smear.
𝐂𝐨𝐥𝐥𝐞𝐠𝐞 𝐬𝐭𝐮𝐝𝐞𝐧𝐭 𝐤𝐢𝐜𝐤𝐞𝐝 𝐨𝐮𝐭 𝐨𝐟 𝐜𝐥𝐚𝐬𝐬 𝐟𝐨𝐫 𝐭𝐞𝐥𝐥𝐢𝐧𝐠 𝐩𝐫𝐨𝐟𝐞𝐬𝐬𝐨𝐫 𝐭𝐡𝐞𝐫𝐞 𝐚𝐫𝐞 𝐨𝐧𝐥𝐲 𝐭𝐰𝐨 𝐠𝐞𝐧𝐝𝐞𝐫𝐬 
They are REALLY stupid because there will be a tsunami of public outrage against these sociopathic fools and THEY WILL BE SWEPT AWAY.
turn the fucking light off! they are coming to the light ffs!
A group of people who are unattractive will tend to become bitter and will justify their own bad behavior by believing that they are underappreciated and special (against all evidence, which creates the unresolvable tension) and therefore exempt from common expectations. 
I'd love to see either of these asshats run against the Prez. Mr. 90% tax or blue-eyed native American.https://www.libertynation.com/recipe-destruction-sanders-warren-2020/?utm_source=Liberty+Nation%3A+Guns+Quiz&utm_campaign=84b55b6d13-RSS_EMAIL_CAMPAIGN_A&utm_medium=email&utm_term=0_888102814a-84b55b6d13-51473881
That bastard is being truthful and doing his islamic deed, problem is us Kaffirs who may declare him mentally disturbed and let him free. The answer to the evil is within islam.
With video. Crooked Hillary seemed to have trouble making it down a flight of stairs in India, even with two aides helping her. https://conservativefiringline.com/video-watch-hillary-clinton-slip-stairs-india-despite-two-men-holding/ #MAGA #Trump
When have they gone CivNat.  Rick Vaughn isnt even a civic nationalist.  Just because hes not a national socialist? TRS isn't national socialist explicitly either! Heres the thing Mike Enoch and Heimbach have already said they are all on good terms no hard feelings and now we have fans of particular factions feeding a fire that should have died the day it started. 
If it's a hell hole why the whites there smartass?
Lots of grown up stuff sir...and you??   Are one of these idiots ??
Apology from this Reptilian Demon is not good enough. She should be fired . filthy Azsarkian Zionist Jew.
Thanks, go Trump go ride the Trump train
Never liked Tillerson (Reminds me of a retired old man sitting on his porch yelling at kids that walk on his lawn)...Never liked Sessions either as A.G. Hope he`s next to go!
Youknow me bro. I ain’t no cuck faggot. I just wanna know what the winds of change are saying. I never read siege. Not because I wouldn’t.  But because I didn’t. If they are satanist faggot terrorists they can suck a dead dogs dick.
"Because his Islamic faith " 
Corrupt DOJ 
David Hogg needs his ass kicked.....right after his parents get theirs kicked for raising such a wretched human being.  
You're also implying I don't fight for my ideas. You taking the piss? Fuck off. I don't sympathize with Nazis for nothing. I supported Matt and his TWP, I didn't care what they did so much. You don't have to condone everything. You can get pissed off when someone is out of line.
Exactly. The same people who can't use math to balance our national budget are going to use math to take us into outer space. They can't use mathematics to fix the hood but mathematics will get us to Mars.
Be muslim and use facebook to arrange grooming and gang rapes of children = absolutely fine. 
https://voiceofeurope.com/2018/03/belgium-in-shock-afghan-migrant-brutally-murders-young-mother-and-her-children-find-her/  Another senseless loss due to 'vibrancy'.
I love seeing liberals jumping to the defense of multi-national corporations with a combined market cap in the trillions of dollars. "Just don't be an asshole". FFS they have more personal data and current information about you than law enforcement agencies and have no accountability to you. Better be nice and do what they say.
This cuck makes me sick
I mean what i get is one big abilty of #Adapt #Change for the real Movemnt  you know people going to read this and know how much a frude the #NSM88 #NaziAmerican #KKK are about what they believe in just sucking communist shit up and doing nothing about the real #Adapt #Change movement that before you all just full of shit arnt you #Jeff
GOOD NIGHT USA CONCENTRATION CAMPERS unelected CFR NSA/CIA members can spy on, target & kill u-RU OK with that? http://www.democracynow.org/2015/10/13/the_rise_of_americas_secret_government
Don't put God in a box, Amazing 
weev and Anglin just didn’t like you cuz you called bullshit on the American Nationalism cargo cult. The other people who had problems with you, it was really just blow back from you being the spokesman for a party that was then run by Heimbach, a guy who refused to take the essential step of changing the party’s uniform to blue.
IF You sincerely FEEEEEEL tide-pod-eating, pubescent Kikes being glorified by the JEW$media should determine the fate of the Second Amendment & the Bill of Rights, you might, just...be... 
Where do you find a dog with no legs?  Right where you left him.
https://www.jihadwatch.org/2017/05/leaders-of-britain-first-arrested-over-muslim-teen-rape-campaign  check out the TRUTH! Tell me does something smell funny here? This is a fucking dirty lie by Muslim mother fuckers. Really before you post, check the sources and use your common sense.
Donald Trump received much criticism for referring to Haiti, El Salvador and Africa as “shitholes”. He was simply speaking the truth. 
I was HEAVILY bullied as a kid, I grew up an introvert with two friends until the age of 16. 
Um, no, this is fucking retarded. A moron pontificating about incorrect moron things, and trying to force his ideology on another culture. 
It didn’t come from England. It was a joint op. Russians were involved in it.
For every 1,  high school puppet protesting for gun control there are likely, 2 students who support gun rights. These are the future men & women who will become soldiers that protect these sniveling little shits right to be.... well, sniveling little shits!
DUMMY BILL NELSON THE GUN GRABBING FLORIDA SENATOR LINKS FIU BRIDGE COLLAPSE AND PARKLAND KILLINGS. THE MAN IS SENILE AND DEMENTED.  
You can't fix STUPID with any schooling!
#MattsMoving...Remember all the money he helped raise for the Haitians, they don't!! #MoveToYourOwnShitHole #BourneRich #BirdsOfAFeather
Bernie Sanders wants America to surrender to Iran.  I've about had enough of that old hippie...  http://www.foxnews.com/world/2018/03/15/debate-over-bernie-sanders-bid-to-end-u-s-role-in-yemen-already-worlds-worst-humanitarian-crisis.html
Wtf, are you saying that #Trump is not literally #Hitler?  Go ahead, say some shit about the Easter Bunny!  I don't even know you anymore.
You're a sad individual go back to school child
Lies!    She sets people's faces on fire and then "tries" to put it out with a spork!!!
Wild! What a trip! These kinds of things were only supposed to happen in movies, not for real. 
Baltimore is a #Shithole. It has been for as long as I can remember and I had relatives that lived there in the 60's that we visited. When affirmative action hit the steel mills it went to Sub-#Shithole status. All they have left is the Ports and a Domino sugar refinery.
perhaps you need to tell these guys that all their research is wrong. 
They call it schizophrenia, I call it psychopathy.  I was in a relationship with one for a while and can attest that they're extremely good actors.  They can alter their temperament, composure and persona like flipping a light switch, which all change depending on the specific situation in which they find themselves. 
The Politicization of the FBI....
"WN 1.0s are so stupid they believed race was real without any evidence unlike us big brained 2.0s." 
Yet, you hate America and Americans, Whites, and Conservatives. This mothufucka is a Prime example of who should NOT be allowed Fire Arms of Any sort....
The lying MkUltra slave psychopath who was led to take on USA and almost succeeded in destroying it completely.  LOCK THAT BITCH UP before she is found dead... 
Personal Experience: Paying For Sex.
First of all, you're a fucking wetback. Secondly, you're pro-kike, therefore anti-White. Firing squad for you, traitor.
#MSNBC is Fake as Fuck News!
Racism Is A Hoax 
That article was hard as Fuck to read. It is littered with grammatical errors.
This is rich considering he is bought and paid for by Bloomberg and Soros, and company. He is nothing but a leftist tool that’s got the half life of a red shirt on an away mission. You just know he’s going to end up like a holly wood child star. 
Jeez, this is pretty f2cked up...
So what you're saying is: The answer to White genocide is brown genocide 😀
Oh come on! I think I actually included my sex in my profile. WTF does every insulting little 4-chan reject think I'm a guy? FFS even GOR had a few free women! Have you been locked in mom's basement with your RealDoll so long you forgot human...ish women can type or speak? Jebus H. Crablouses! At least post a good rape threat or something. With tentacles. Now.
LISTEN to the video. On cnn, THEY are fucked, ie; Comey, McCabe 
Your post implies that the alt-right includes the hard right. 
The same high moral values that brought us Chattanooga, San Bernardino, 9/11 ect. Horrible old crusty dyke.
All stories being censored or covered up through mainstream sources. There is a reason for this. After people see behind the curtains of power they are less likely to support that power. Ignorance vs. Liberty. 
Evil  leftist pieces of shit have ruined my country, the government, judiciary, police, even the fucking screws are arse kissing the Muslims, the place is finished. 
this #Generational #Cult Posing as a 'Church' is gaining the respect of the fucking world! HELLOOOO.. 
Dirty rotten crook traitor, lock him up & MAGA
While I am not adverse to bastard death per se, I think we have a long way to go before we are at that point in America. 
I AM LOGGING OFF I AM NOT GONNA LET U FAGGITS BULLY ME CUZ I HAVE PERFECTLY NORMAL SLENDER SOPHISTICATED TOES I FUCKING HATE ALL OF U AND I AM TELLING MR TAYLOR ON ALL OF U THANK U FUCK U BYE🖕😡🖕
So no, you refuse to discuss Slavery stats with me. 
Your police "force" is a fucking disgrace.  I'm sorry for you all.
a picture that could cause re-bar to go flaccid...
DEATH PENALTY ... sorry .. you commit the most heinous crimes on Earth... you deserve to be sent to HELL early!     The old man looks like a GHOUL as is!
Sorry i ever brought fucked up sad shit problems to GAB. Will never mention my situation again. Looks like i better start packing my shit. I dont know what i was thinking. Thought i could do my own gofundme style campaign out here in GAB land. Again bad idea and I'm so sorry everyone. This is not normally me at all. Saturated as gofundme is I think i should have tried
You talk too much faggot. Quit projecting your insecurities onto others. 
Leslie: He is a PIZZAGATER.. not just gay.
And fugly as a barrel of assholes....
LOLOL this man has the AUDACITY to argue with me as if he "knows God" and all this BULLSHIT when he had already ADMITTED to me that he is a PAGAN PRIEST. Basically then he WORSHIPS ANIMALS and CREATION and NOT The ONE TRUE HOLY God. 
Slight correction: "If Vox Day were not of the type to get butthurt over some nonsense nondrama and lash out at Gab like the over-inflated buffoon he is..."
HAHAHAHA, wtf??! Literally everything is an evil Jewish plot. This is what happens when you step out of your safe space.....you say shit that makes you look like an idiot.
English NOT REALLY your mother tongue, right faggot?
http://www.breitbart.com/london/2018/03/18/leftists-enraged-ridiculously-racist-australian-proposal-help-south-africas-white-farmers/  I find the Black South Africa nation repulsive in the way they are treating white South Africans.  Persecution continues and now, White Farmers being forced to give up their land own for generations.  
And Bill Cosby screwed the ones that were sleeping!  Wakka wakka wakka...  You know...  because Fat Albert...
It's just such a culture shock ......... I'm use to businessmen being greedy...... I'm not use to them being communists.....
Of course it is better.  Unless you are poor, stupid and a typical Democratic voter.  Something we have enough of to have to worry about.  But it is not all demagoguery, the Fair Tax is a regressive consumption tax.  Feature, not a bug, but it does impact the poor if the economy does't zoom, which of course it would.
I heard somewhere once that Macaroni was a revolutionary-era term for a fag - can't confirm, but makes more sense that way...
Reports that the shooter had a handgun, not an assault rifle and stopped by a good guy with a gun liberals head must be exploding
California: Golden West College Cops Crack Down on Questions about Islam 
We’re revolutionaries who promote a violent upheaval of the standing System. We’re nazis who are fanatically adherent to the Universal Truth. You’re some identitarian who wants a mass movement. You aren’t apart of the Struggle and we have no wish to be apart of any “movement” your kind infests.
Jesus is Risen; US is Rising; SES/Serco Defeated by Trump's 5 Marine
I’d drag my nuts over a mile of broken glass, just to finger flunk your shadow! Hehehe
because a violent race of people made them that way
Paul Ryan is a steaming pile of traitor shit. 
RED PILL : NEWS FLASH "MEDIA" ....( TRUMP & STORMY) 
You posted a video of her. I didn't say anything about what the sites are doing or not doing. if you post a retard like Haven, we're not going to get past square one to have a discussion about the issue. She's not a serious person. Watch her other videos. They're awful.
YOUR Black Athlete of the Week for w/e 24 Mar 18: 
Serious change is coming. The only two people in the whole wide world who can't see it are @theresa_may & @AmberRuddHR the dopey duo.
Just thing of all of those faggots, dykes, kikes and pedo's out of work.  How many pieces of shit worked for this baby murdering group of inbred Moron's?  So glad to see the end of another Socialist Utopia run by Obama the Negro's Gestapo.
Lol the Austin bomber was "white" so I guess Niggers will assume he's a Nazi Trump supporter. They'll all play victim per Nigger and Jew code. Niggers never change.
Fuckerberg looks like more of a faggot every time I see him. Like Trudeau.
she is getting too old to earn with her body so now she is trying to earn with her ass
What every good little faggot needs.
The problem is the students are being conditioned by their so called educators in the damn classrooms.  The DOE needs to be dismantled and education put back into the States' hands so that the people have more input & control over what some of these jackass teachers are doing in the classroom.
Fuck you into HELL Deep State!  5G anyone?  All these Zombie shows..is that prep to??   
Take the asshole and drop him in the middle of Pendleton , let him run his mouth there. Just tell us where to send the body.
Is he too stupid to see what a hypocrite he is? 
The video was stupid and unfunny.  He's guilty of murdering comedy, but giving him what amounts to a death sentence for that is just wrong.
Obama can congratulate Putin, no big deal, it’s what presidents do. Trump congratulates Putin, OH MY FUCKING GOD!!!! WE MUST IMPEACH NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Dovetails perfectly into nihilist feral leftthink. 
This is what happens when you inform the help that there will be no false flag event today...
This post is for the NSA CIA FBI DHS FAG GAY ABC 123 alphabet soup TRAITORS....and of course, all the #LibTards at #Youtube 
StacyOnTheRight: MSM Tells Black Boys They Can’t Succeed - ALEX JONES INFOWARS https://youtu.be/RvFAB5nMud8
6. Advocate gang raping women and stacking their corpses. 
I can't do it. I don't bow down to women though. I might eat their pussy though. Nothing wrong with that.
Still don't care about the movie but apparently you are getting ass blasted over it.   Can you take your feels and exit?
They're getting trashed on twatter as we speak... hahaha!, bankster shitheads...
WE THE PEOPLE could care less if the government has to "shut down".   Talk about taxation without representation! R's are being interviewed about how they dont like this bill & then they go & vote for it!?! WTF?? We are being marched to war! I'm pissed!!
Not only that, but that manlet who looks like a hassidic kike actually openly admitted to being a kike.
That's right, kids!  Don't dive for cover!  Stand up and throw rocks at the gunman.
I actually doubt this, and here's why: TDS needs Eric Striker for shekels. The only show worth listening to behind the paywall is Strike and Mike, and everyone knows it.   Jazz and Jesse fucking blows, and an extra episode of TDS isn't worth it for a lot of people. I'm sure they would love to get rid of him though, but they can't.
Yup.  I'd like to see how smashed up this collection box gets overnight while hooligans loot.  Braindead liberals are way more dangerous than weapons of any kind.
You’re the one that believes the Russian collusion hoax. The only conspiracy theorist is you. 
are you calling me a Democrat?  What an asshole.........   That is the worst insult you can send me,  I am not a demonrat,  I am a pissed off TRUMP VOTER that just got kicked in the balls by the very person I voted for and you want me to be happy about it?  What a fucking LEMMING!
https://uk.reuters.com/business/stocks/overview/FB.O  
Jfc....this beaner dyke’s try-hard shit
I just remembered today that it was me and my brother who invented the “all elves are sluts” meme. You’re welcome.
You can "yeah no" all that day long, but never will you be right. You simply don't get American politics from an adult's viewpoint because likely you do not understand the system under which you live.  Good luck!
And today in our segment “Are You Shitting Me” : 
Fuck him ..who gives a flying what that midget thinks
If You’re Dumb, You’ll Work for the Government http://www.internationalman.com//articles/if-youre-dumb-youll-work-for-the-government
#Obama spent at least 1 Trillion per year, Any idea where? 
the swamp is a thing this paper pile of smug shit regulations and a omnibus rushed nwo elitist shit..thanks paul ryan for pointing out this swamp pile of papers
We'll remember that when they leave and you monkeys start starving. And then we'll laugh as we watch nature correct itself.
Unless Trump cucks like he has the past two days and deflates all enthusiasm for his re-election.
Politics in today's White countries is a total kike/globalist big money sham. "Consent" manufactured by the (((media))) & (((edjewcation))), enforced by rabid 100 IQ pigs at all levels. Voting doesn't change ONE MOTHER FUCKING THING. 
I don't need to tolerate any bullshit im the Alt Right's favorite Emily and Mr. Taylor even sent me his new book PERSONALLY signed so every one of you jealous losers should just go fucking hang yourselves and i fucking hate you so thank u fuck u bye 🖕😡🖕
What if my belief is that Islam is a violent religion, mass immigration is destroying us, or men can't choose to become women? Can I be picked on for those beliefs @policescotland? Please clarify. 
JD, disagree.  If they want to live like 14th Century Barbarians, it's NONE of our Business. Fuck them ! 
Indoctrinated little "global citizens" gun free protest is protected by ARMED GUARDS!?  http://www.breitbart.com/big-government/2018/03/23/left-wing-directed-and-funded-teens-descend-on-dc-for-anti-gun-march-for-our-lives/  & Planned Parenthood took part!? Who have MURDERED millions of babies & sold baby parts! Insanity retarded!
jesus fucking Christ I am trying to be polite, you brought up an issue, I asked questions, and your focused like an autistic child on a spinning plate, fuck you your jesus, he does not nor any other imaginary friends people have, do not  exist
This piece of crap Sikh is what every demonic rat liberal woman needs to live with her in her home. The nastier a Muslim thug looks is the kind of loer each liberal woman wants.
Protest in Amsterdam against Turkish invasion of Afrin. Fine, I get it, I’m with you. Why for fucks-sake, why always with the pro-communism bullshit overtaking it all?
#BareNakedIslam #BNI #Islam #Muslims 
I was suspended for 24 hours on r/The_Donald for saying this, but I'm assuming this platform is different .I'm so fucking disgusted by the spending bill that if someone challenges Trump in the 2020 primaries and runs on gutting the federal spending, and no more immigration I'll vote against Trump in 2020
Unless you’re a murderer, handing in your guns to stop murder is like chopping off your dick to end rape. If you aren’t a rapist, cutting off your dick is pointless.
SHOW ME THE EVIDENCE! YOU POSTED THIS NOT ME. 
Do you think the Dems have that same S**t eating grin on their faces this morning like they did last night?
Leftists, Liberals, Communists, Socialists, Marxists, and Muslims are MY enemies.... 
I wish our fucking Gov would build one around our tiny island !!!! Britsin desperately needs a Trump
He had a very strange attitude about it -- but what the hell. Fuck him, and carry on. And who knows, maybe just some kind of misunderstanding about it all. But if folks don't know that those tens of thousands of drones, courtesy of 'our government,' aren't for delivering packages and for 'keeping us safe,' then they're asleep.  
I bet these cuckstians secretly fantasize about being sodomized by gay niggers.
You are a pathological, two-faced man-child who has never been in an even remotely violent situation in your entire sheltered life. Unless you count that time you were involuntarily commited to a psych ward, where some 300lb bull queer orderly forced a handful of benzodiazepines down your throat.
Ok, go and take them to your house and let them live there....prick... 
2A - Gun Rights  
Federal Spending Bill Gives “Big Boost” To Jewish Groups 
this idyllic national socialist life could of been for all of us in the West but no that was not what the kikes that be wanted for the west...this wonderful national socialist life went against their old kike disorder...they lied to those imbeciles in murica and UK imagining that they were fighting the "enemy" when the real enemy was that mass murdering kike Stalin....what a bunch of retards those alleged "greatest" generation were....look at us now on the verge of war and the degeneracy level is off the charts and everyday that goes by more and more hebe outrages continue.........a war is coming make no bones about it........we will win this time around and by the gods this will be the last generation of Aryans to deal with these vermin and parasites and their pet gorillas and retards
Obama uses Facebook surveillance data: Good 
All I had to see were those three letters -- CNN -- to know that in fact Trump did not get rolled by Congress.  CNN are a greater threat to the Freedom of the Press than anyone, because they masquerade as news when they are completely biased trolls.  Fuck CNN to hell.
I disarrange, every black man I have heard sing sounds like they have a dick in their mouth.
My dear Ms. Youcis, these (cough) kids (cough) are not even "Young & Stupid" like many of us were during that pivotal time in our lives, but are FUCKIN' STUPID and PATHETIC and WORTHLESS AND WEAK! In short, invasion of the body snatchers v2.0
While I despise everything they represent, Dems make GOP look dumber than they are. They signed up hundreds of thousands of voters today in the anti-gun marches. Where r the supporters of our right to bear arms? Why aren't we taking over our cities & registering young voters.  GOP EQUALS BULLSHIT.
Tv today, Media, Sitcoms, late night Douche bags can’t stop the white privilege crap.
Commies are getting ready to hit Btitain hard. Maybe with that EU Army? Maybe with the UN? When they start worrying about cutlery instead of the death cult of Satan makes no sense. Send those primitive child sodomites to Hell if they don't leave on their own.
Anne Franke Center say's whites have already been replaced. You just gonna take that, white man?
New video coming soon to a youtube and bitchute near you
Women lie about their dating/sexual preferences.
This is r-selection at its ultimate end point. Leftism springs from this most dysgenic of reproductive strategies...
Mostly been shitposting at other places :p #dankmemes 
ALONG WITH ILLINOIS, NEW YORK, MASSACHUSETTS, NEW JERSEY, WASHINGTON, OREGON... AND MORE COMING! HOWEVER, THEY BETTER NOT POLLUTE THE RED STATES THEY MOVED TO, CUZ THERE WILL B E HELL TO PAY!!!!
welcome to gun free mexico criminals obey no laws you can only take guns away from non criminals
Ok, while you're being assaulted in some way, I'll just.....walk on by, you stupid bitch
Hello fellow #Qanon peeps! Twitter suspended be for offending ugly bitch @ChelseaClinton! what a LOSER BITCH!
I am sorry that James Mason is getting so much attention. He does not represent the true spirit of national-socialism. He seems to be about provocation for its own sake. Whenever somebody calls himself "nazi" it's a good indication that he's putting on. 
Gave up paying the Licence Fee about a year ago and don't miss TV in the slightest. People who whinge and moan about the BBC whilst still paying for the privilege of being indoctrinated and having your people brainwashed into national suicide really have no right to whinge and moan. 
He has never had the privilege of watching me, I knew from the start this was nothing more than a Jewish data collection agency.  
U.S. Army Corps of Engineers has a huge 37,000 workforce to 
“Freedom IS more important than safety” these urine soaked socialist piece of shit fags never put a gun in their hands & fought  4 R country I have no problem wiping these high school commies off the face of R earth , or them killing eachother, & I’m glad they go home & play 10 hours of PlayStation it’ll  prepares them 4 What’s coming 4 threatening R 1st & 2 Nd amendment
Islam is NOT a religion, it is a criminal, political and military doctrine bent on complete subjugation of all others. It is off-the-scale evil!
"In the leftoid universe, a misogynist is “a sexy White man I want but can’t have” if the accusation is hurled by a woman, and “a popular White chad who used to stuff me in lockers” if the accusation is hurled by a soyboy mangina." 
lol 
yeah when the Wall wasn't the very first thing he tried to get done i figured it was never gonna happen.  
Fuck Off NeoNazi idiot, just cause you compile a bunch of lies does not make them true.
We're going to destroy the white race by refusing to compromise on our principals and head left towards center with your group? Go do your thing. The GOP will eat you alive. All of you together don't have Trump's resources and he can barely do shit...and he's President. So, yeah, go infiltrate and wear red shoes and call us Nazis. Best of luck, man.
Stormy Daniels’ ‘Super’ Dilated Pupils Spark Accusations She Was High On Meds For ’60 Minutes’ Interview 
Yes, libREtards are very eager to kill, to see bloodshed.  That's the reason "all" murderers voted for demonRats, a party where they learn to hate, to murder. PRAY GOD BLESS AMERICAN PATRIOTS STAY TOGETHER, PROTECT AMERICA and BE SAFE!!
she is surely on drugs
Genuinely evil people have come to this country,   & with the help of genuinely evil people using pc tools to buy votes with   anti-American & corrupt legislation, live among us, harming citizens with   positions of power over us. This is the endgame. 
Tusk.. " 14 EU Countries will expel Russian Diplomats ".. 
Yup. And he even stated his goal for all to hear: 
Those people are guaranteed to bleed out any sympathy/empathy that you had towards them. Most of them are vindictive, selfish, and deranged narcissists who take pride in intentionally harming others for their own gain. 
Never in our country’s history have so many idiots come together to surrender their human rights at the altar of our government. The liberals of America have reached a new level of insanity that has never been seen before. 
eerie as fuck..... I love it
This is what they want?  They will sell themselves into servitude for a loaf of bread soon enough.   It may be the salvation for my generation.  LOL
LIBERALS : TRUMP DOESN'T CONDEMN RUSSIA  DOESN'T SAY NOTHING !!! 
Joy Reid: White people have a “crusty, creepy, weird - worldview”. 
https://www.pri.org/stories/2015-06-24/white-americans-are-biggest-terror-threat-united-states  
Only omega cucks let women fight their wars for them.
For that golden age that was TRS Forum 1.0, that wasn't the case. 
LMAO@ sacks of wet assholes....hahahahahaha that's gotta be the funniest thing I've ever read.
Yeah, I'm pretty sure that people like Che Guevara were executing faggots on the daily in Cuba lol.
Nobody gives a fuck about Jews. There’s only 14 million of them on earth.
Spread the word people. 
Look at IT's arm!  IT has the Cuban flag on it's jacket sleeve!  Makes me sick, a country that took away the guns, and kills it's citizens!  Real nice! 
He may not be able to be fired, but he sure as hell can be indicted & arrested!!
the dimms have given this whore more air time than the Las Vegas shooting
I didn't vote for that MORON Obama, too many stupid people believed his lies. I knew he was a poser and liar as soon as I heard him speak.  
What the fuck is a macro nigga?? I see food and I eat it
I bet if Anderson would've asked Stormy how many times she had sex with Hillary those saucers would get really big! Even Anderson would enjoy it because that's how he rolls.
"You're full of bullshit". Go back and edit it if you want.  
It's OK, I just found out - 'He's a literal civic nationalist who says white identity doesn't exist'. What a pathetic cuck! He's got a weak, cucky voice too - African jizz coated larynx.
So. PP's upping their game to not just aborting unborn but companies and female sex in general. SMH
I think I see the father's reflection in the glass door, I'm sure they are so proud of their progressiveness, they are a fucking disgrace
And it is truly shocking and discouraging to observe how many cowardly whites have chosen the second option.  They would rather their children face extinction at the hands of brutal, subhuman muslims than be seen as ‘racists’.
Well the way I see it, there's a perfectly rational explanation for all this. This kid is a lying sack o shit.
That is a great summation...absolutely. No fucking regard for exactly what the Constitution says. How bout we take Steven's 5th Amendment away,torture his ass into confessing he's a pedophile then burn him at the stake since "cruel and unusual" doesn't apply to him....stupid twat
The Democrat positions this year are "We want unlimited illegal immigration", "We want to confiscate your guns", and "Fuck you, mediocre white boys". 
Definitely cut off all aid to s.Africa! Since they hate white people, white peoples money can stay in U.S.A. to help build the wall
Jeb is far to retarded, and he sucks up to HollyWood pedos and traitors.
Dear #America: Please #Stop This Shit. Signed, The Rest Of The #World.
"If you're going to post on Gab, DON'T BE A SUBVERSIVE FUCKING KIKE AND NOT EXPECT TO GET GASSED." 
Keep Fighting the Good fight Tommy ! 
How about a princess who survives an abortion. Like fairies pull her out of the medical waste tank and bring her back to life. So the whole movie she is a 12-week-old fetus in a pretty dress having adventures. 
This is an important point. White people make BAD slaves and so dis the INDIANS, not many know this now but American Indians HAD BLACK SLAVES., there are half negro half indian guys trying to get the truth out about it.
EWWWW...can you just imagine that? 90*, humidity in the 80% range, sweat dripping off your body, she's on the rag and wants to sit on yer face
It's as Jewish and disgusting as the cover suggests, not worth delving further.
Dragon's breath love that sh**. You might like Raufoss HEI rounds.
Fellow White People, we have a serious infestation of black and hispanic vermin in the USA. 
You know the genocidal shrink is a perfidious jew you dissembling kike.
He & that bald headed dyke should be brought up on murder charges for their involvment.  Turns out the Dyke Lesbo had been harrassing Nicolas Cruz the supposed shooter in school and bullying him.   I hope this is true.   Henry Makow is usually accurate.
You can tell that the cop feels for these animals.   Nothing is more blue pill than faggots who wear uniforms to larp as men.
You think that saying repealing the 2nd will be popular? Think again. 
Alex Jones' son publicly called him to a debate.. bet the little shit runs
Is that the best you can do bitch?
Say 100 "Diversity is our greatest strength's" and talk to your children about the dangers of xenophobic, knee-jerk reactions. #illridewithyou #PrayForDuisburg #NotAllMuslims   Amirite?   https://www.express.co.uk/news/uk/938824/Germany-news-duisburg-state-of-emergency-fight-riot-machetes
How can regressive 'progressives' pretend to be serious about asking us to cede our own self-defense to the "authorities" when leftist authorities don't prosecute teenage criminals and hide when someone with a gun starts shooting?? 
This would have never happened back in my day, and I'm only 29 😂. Feel like an old codger reading some of the bizarre shit that goes on
Isn't she liable then, prosecutable. It would be if a white male antagonized a pig and a lesbian hispanic into doing it.
Find their email/customer-service phone #s. Companies pulling their ad $$ from Laura's show need to increase their sales to this group of high-schoolers. Surely that will make up for  the loss sales to all of us dumb Conservatives...we LOVE supporting our enemies.
Same old, same old: "Oh, the money, the money..." 
The one thing i learned from the media is they are full of shit white nationalist are not thef problem these guys are !!!
In her pathetic grovelling apology to DNC spokesman David Hogg Ingraham praised him for how 'poised' he seemed 'given the tragedy'. 
https://www.twincities.com/2018/03/23/teen-allegedly-eyed-ar-15-threatened-cottage-grove-high-school-students/amp/ 
and now she probably fantasizes about taming another asshole, this is their eternal fantasy, NEVER lift the boot from their necks  Patrice ONeal, my God rest his soul, had the greatest bit of all time about this
And nothing of value was lost.
Being against violence and greed is the mindset and morality of a slave.  A slave is against violence and greed because they have no capacity to inflict violence nor aquire wealth.  To a Master violence and wealth are neither good nor evil, just a means to an end for survival of their bloodlines.
Do I get a ban for saying Allah sucks goat dick?
Only the kikes are the ones who aren't religious but a race conning people into believing they are a religion. Perhaps the pope is a crypto kike
Never forget, that it was under BJ Vorster, with PW Botha then as minister of defence, strongly discouraging him from stabbing Rhodesia in the back. Vorster cucked and cucked hard. If PW Botha was in charge then, Rhodesia would have crushed the insurgency and humiliated the neighboring countries and showed their underhandedness to a fault. Never cuck.
Holy cow: Lesbo nigga slayer had a YT channel, full o' gospel kid music an sheit. 
What are you offended about?  
The public hates muslims? Good. 
Giving people sh!t is easy, taking it away is almost impossible, like #Obamacare or herpes 
I say count the illegals in the Census.  Locate them easier and round them up for the trip back home.
that is true but a lot of christians have had their brains washed with indoctrination that the phrase "love one another as I have loved you" means love every race but your own. I used to teach Sunday school when I was younger and I can honestly say I am sure that is NOT what christ meant when he uttered those words, I left christianity for my own valid reasons but people are starting to wake up to all the lies and sadly it comes at a time where our very physical existence on this planet is at stake....we are all at peril of extinction and the rotten filthy jew wants that, he is orchestrating it since time in memoriam this isn't a recent happening
Oh sorry. I forgot that there is lne mistake in tvis picture.  
Oh fuck off. You have entire towns and villages where 1000s of little girls are turned into prostitutes and you can't do shit about it. The Muslims own you. Go complain on Facebook why don't you? Oh you can't can you.
Erdogan is a cunt..  #Turkey Rejects France’s Offer To Mediate Between It And Syrian Kurds   https://southfront.org/turkey-rejects-frances-offer-to-mediate-between-it-and-syrian-kurds/  #Kurds #France #Syria 
Fucking joke she knew what he was up to she maybe never loaded the magazines but she fucking knew he was going to do something but kept her mouth shut just like the rest of them "Never seen anyfing ma lord" "Didn't know why he went out with his guns strapped to his body, ma lord"
Im an ALPHA, intelligent, angry, 27 BMI, full set off teath, malcontent, decent, ethno tribalist, non pervert. so laughs on you leftist scum
Eichenwald whining about costing MSNBC a sponsor is fantastic. Even better is he's acting flabbergasted that it happened even though he no longer works for MSNBC. 
Do you unironically not believe in morality?
Joe biden is fucking disgusting😲😠
Ada presentation solar hari tu sembang banyak pasal how solar is good to save the planet, CO2 emission etc pastu kena das “You don’t tell me about all this feel good stuff, I want to know what is the profit in doing all of this. Talk about the damn money!” 
Trump Tweet 
Who’s talking about molesting children? I’m talking about Jews and their manipulation of the truth. Check it out for yourself.  
The inevitable result of too much inbreeding.
Moslem future everywhere unless they are removed from our society. 
When the dollar becomes worthless paper in the coming Obama hyper inflation depression they'll return to their countries. US authorities won't have to do nothing but open the gates and let them go home!
Zionists are at the helm of it. Zionists goal is white genocide. They run all media. They are the puppet masters. But you're right about it not being all Jews. Some Zionists are not Jews...https://www.bitchute.com/video/NqSV97rxUJFi/
Don't be a gook-fucker my man! At least always pull out. The consequences are scary as shit.
Your denial of reality is truly pathological.
WTF is with Kurt Kikenwald? 
LOL you don't know me very well do you? I DON'T CULL NOBODY,  he can GTFO of MY COUNTRY and take his filthy DISEASES WITH HIM IDGAF 😂
She's getting more and more annoying after getting more followers. Hysterical over petty stuff. She slowly becomes the kind of feminist she's against in the beginning.
The priest cracks me up the fucker is wiping sweat from his brow
call me that sht 2 my face. wats ur actual name or no reply
They deserve euthanasia. Like those who worship jews.
This may be true. But the Jews hate Christianity with a passion, it's impossible to deny their hatred for it. I think it can be used as a short term tool for the benefit of all white Europeans .
Why it means something different to me, that the Holocaust may have been faked, and in actuality the Jewish refugees were/may have been treated the BEST by Nazi Germany? 
What I saw of it, half wiped, looked Arabic. White trash happens.
women are just boneless men
LOVE GAB.AI LOOKING FORWARD TO LOADS OF POSTS & FOLLOWERS   UK & USA TAKING SHIT FOR TOO LONG TIME TO RISE UP
Let's be honest. Retards should be aborted. They ruin families' lives. They're a general curse on society. That means abortion is GOOD depending on use. So then we enumerate when abortion is good and either prohibit it when it's not, disincentivize it, preclude it, or whatever.
The white S/Africans should be known as the forgotten ones, they have been slapped in the face with so many doors and so many doors have been slammed in their faces.  
Hmm all a bit quiet over on the Alt-Light... Israel collude with the UN to send 16,000 african migrants to western countries - let zionist Tommy Robinson explain this, and any cunt who wants to keep arguing Israel are on our side. 
I don't want a brown slave.
#Bumbledick capital #Seattle #USA taxes #Homeowners out of their houses; ain't #Socialism great?! https://www.seattletimes.com/seattle-news/enough-is-enough-some-local-homeowners-say-this-years-property-tax-increase-will-force-them-to-move/
As I frequently say actors are heroes of the ultra stooooooopid 
I really am puzzled by shit like this. We have so many problems and enemies, making more out of our own people seems fckn defeatist and stupid. Lists such as this can only sow division among Whites. Let us take out our enemies first, then if we want to self-immolate we can do so at our leisure.
What's to analyze? Invasion coming, put troops on border, shoot those stupid enough to cross. Tell Mexico to shove it up their ass.
Tonights kharnage! 🐰  
Nice idea. The entire premise of the Fed is to create Paper money from noting. Applying a gold value, while good for America, is BAD for the Rothschild Family. It removes their ability to ROB us at will. 
I considered writing about tricks some Jews use and decent alternatives, since it would interest some, but it seems many are already using the same tricks as the Jews.  So, how anti-Shemitic can I be?  I can't even generalize them as worse, but rather often more successful at being worse.  I can call all out on shit.
Canada? Strict immigration laws? Under Trudeau, they're definitely not being enforced. We have a third party agreement with the US, which means illegal border jumpers from one of the two countries to the other are automatically denied refugee status and sent back. If someone makes a failed refugee claim in one country they don't get to border hop to the other and claim refugee status there.
Yeah RIP The child killing cunt Jones is a fucking bastard who needs to be slapped around he is sooooo fucking ignorant  he is that fucking obsessed with being anti-white he memoralises a terrorist child killer yet says 0 about the massacre of white Farmers in SA and Zimbabwe.FUCKING TREACHEROUS POOFY FUCKING CUNT
His nose is too narrow for his upper face. That's what makes him look like a space-alien. And actually, the nose that he had was worse than his mother's.
It's okay, bro, I don't give a shit about Moonman.
Hilarious, the same jews that destroyed Germany's borders are causing their own extinction by importing muzzies that hate them. Karmic justice.
LOL sure dude. You Boomer cucks crack me up. I can't wait till your kids put you in a blacked nursing home. Your children will curse you for the hell you've created for them.
HE HAS FUCKING BOAT LOADS OF IT   All with Hillary. The Swamp AND These Trump people .. PAGE / PAPADOPOLUS / MANAFORT / GATES Vander Steep . 
I don't know... usually drag queens have better style than that.
Don't you see, without mathematics, the inner savage can come out in Wakandans. They can revert to loin cloth and spear chucking.
"Will only jump off the #TrumpTrain if I find #Trump had SEX with Hillary!"
London Muslim is a Joke/UK Stand up PPL!
White Metallica is best Metallica.
It was a joke on how his optics weren't the clownshoe-nigger outfit.
Fuck China. 
The only thing I can assume is to meme hard boundaries and splits so the "clean" side of it can focus on nagging and bitching at those with power without being dismissed easily. Only thing that makes sense.
Libtard MSM in the UK... 
They're migrants. You have to let them do whatever they want. I say after 3 soldiers had their hands on him he's bloody lucky to only have a chipped tooth!
neilcrossley or crossleyneil?! man or woman?! Cusser or Christian?! confusing or confused?! That one is poorly acting, pay no attention to "it"!:)  Life is good because GOD BLESS AMERICA with PRESIDENT TRUMP!!
I'm Pro-choice so that women who have abortions will self-select out of the gene pool
Shut the fuck up. You don't know what you're talking about. 
Christ was a well-known faggot
The people attacking you (us) aren't Alt-Right but "American Nationalists" 
There is no Tuco in the clusterfuck?
Who yah be thank can save yo ass! 
once again the libtards in illinois have lost their god damn minds!!!...im ashamed to even tell yall i live in this retarded fucking state but its true.....welcome to gestapoland!!!
Or if you have an effective argument, they call for help to ban you from a platform. 
Cuckservative Rick Wilson must be very triggered by @Ricky_Vaughn99‍ to basically threaten him like this. 
"Most Valuable Alt Righter" 
Fuck those idiots. Shitposters on!🤣
I just thought I'd stop by here to say Nehlen is a piece of shit and if you're defending him so are you. Friendly fire will not be tolerated.
It should be the one year anniversary of air strikes on Mexico.
Robert I have to ask, I hope you meen: how long will the PoliCe "plague Britain" 
IQ cannot be altered stupid, a nigger with an IQ of 65, will die as low IQ nigger with an IQ 65, mildly retarded by Canadian standards.  Maybe if they drank more camel piss or ate more human heart?
South Africa is waging genocide against whites. I guess they won't be needing aid from America shortly.....
"Wrap 'em in pigskin" - refers to a tactic used previously to stop suicide bombers. If the dead body of a jihadist is wrapped in pigskin, it is said that the person won't go to heaven. 
What is it about oriental men and inserting objects into themselves? Yet another tale of inappropriate hardware needing to be surgically removed... 
sue these globalist cunts out of business
She has a tumblr account also with sick photos.
Don't you love it when the truly evil, perverted, disgusting leftists are triggered and take off their masks? 
Buy ammo kids its bout to get messy.
Judge Napolitano.....Nobody died Until 5am Fox News......YOU IDIOTS....NOBODY DIED 
Guess why Switzerland was never invaded by Barbarians... WEAPONS IN EVERY HOME... A gun free country, is an invitation for invasive shithole countries... We tried investing there, but they pillaged everything we built, kicked us out and kept the locomotives...
ABC still writing book on "How to control "news" for sixty years" by keeping tight lips.  How wise!  Fewer words are better, definitely when it comes to cover-up for their buddies. 
This relates to the  republican congressman who is trying to put together a bill which would negate Trump's agreements re aluminum, etc.Why on earth would he want to do this, UNLESS he is paid for this traitorous act?
Gab is a disgrace. Torba is a sick fuck. Torba, you failed. Shut this shit down. I am considering leaving. What is the point of gab if they are acting the same as twitter?
"Bianca Debaets says the party's suggestions 'are absolutely shocking.'" 
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-5587395/Romanian-gangster-jailed-attempted-murder-homeland-fled-UK-walks-free.html#ixzz5BxtitvZD  
Along with the anti 2A Ban the steak knives and pass the acid idiots.. Then we have the lgbtymwafkzbdalmpoin freaks too...
Careful, some of the subhumans claiming the Earth is flat also claim to be Christians. Better to get some distance from those, lest they make them look as backward as Australian Aborigines or something. :p
All the thotting they call me all manner of shit threaten to drag my name through the mud and she still thinks she is friends with seeps... haha what the actual fucking fuck is this bitch on? 
Labour MP Huw Thomas has said anyone who flies an England flag is a simpleton or casual racist. I say Patriotism should be celebrated. In America the flag is venerated. So should ours.  Voting Labour is a vote for the islamisation of our country and the death of free speech.
sadly it is true. I fear this will hit Cornelius the hardest. without Mr. Town here to mitigate my retardation, Cornelius will have to deal with it all himself. Far too much for any one man to handle. This will set in motion a chain of events & be the end of us all. Sayonara pals!!
Yours believes the earth is only 5 thousand years old and your gods a total cunt, why don’t you go to the Middle east and worship some dry old rocks instead of spreading your poison in our lands?
I sincerely hope.....we get rid of cuck judges before it gets that bad.....
Documentary by Canadian historian James Bacque of the war crimes and mis-treatment on the whole of Germany (soldiers and civilians) inflicted by the allies following WW2. The allied governments did all they could to coverup the postwar forced starvation, torture, slaughter, rape, etc. they were guilty of. We’re not taught this stuff in school.
The democrats are a domestic enemy threat!  The democratic party is the communist party.  Like Lenin, Hitler, Stalin & Mao Zedong, the democrats want to destroy our Constitutional Republic, our freedoms & the Bill of Rights. They think that they are our GODS. 
Zionists are the UGLIEST blight upon this Country! I may not like Weimerica but I CERTAINLY hate The Zionists more.
Listen jew....we have ovend on......hello
aw damn no wonder I'm such a fucking idiot
Its in here. 
https://www.birminghammail.co.uk/news/midlands-news/teen-sex-slave-raped-nine-14428485   Lets guess who who the perpetrators are......NO SHIT SHERLOCK, it was the muslims “again”
the Saudis and Gulf states and America badly want to tick Syria of their destroy list
@RadCharlie‍ Your family members are frauds then. Congratulations you have frauds in your family. Not something I would make known. Stealing tax dollars to pay their salaries. Fucking Nazi losers. Yeah, we know who started NASA and they never went to the Moon. Gravity is a Hoax. Want to debate. Bring it son!
When I say Cohenses I mean, of course, the usual suspects but certain names associated with "Neathergate" spring to mind. Peter Mandelshon, Barbara Roche, Jonathan Portes and Jack Straw. If the foreign prisoner story came to light too soon their jewish subversion ("let's destroy Britain with mass immigration") might never have gotten off the ground.
The shit skins, like this piece of crap are not immigrants, they are gimmigrants, they will never contribute to our society, they savage animals who are mildly retarded & they want domination over America.
"Shirking of our responsibilities"? Who says they're OUR responsibilities? 
Israel created ISIS so dumb people would support a Goyim invasion of Syria.
Rape is always 90% YOUR fault if you're an innocent little girl or a woman according to evil Islam.  
Voice of Europe and VOA where the only voices that fought against communism when I was on the "other" side of the Iron Curtain, our only connection with real world. 
Californication! Leftist utopia and America's first SHITHOLE state.
If trump, a 33rd degree freemason and zionist, gets a step out of line the jews running him will jfk his ass in a heartbeat, not that that's at all necessary as we can all plainly see now trump is one of them!
1. Trump announces plan to pull out of Syria.
LIBTARDED LIBERALS led by the JEWS who own this PROPAGANDA RAG and 96% + of ALL media in the western world (if not more by now!?) would say such TOTAL INSENSITIVE BS. And WHY is this happening? Because Jews HATE WHITES - gee and we thought most of them were "white"?!? Guess again!!! They're "white" when they say so & JEWS when they want to let you know THEY RULE!!!!
Double down, Hannity. Double the fuck down.
you kind of put out garbage content. 
Don worry i'ma still be tweeting when dat muhfucka swimmin 
I knew he was legit a few years back when Glenn Beck was talking about how he (Assad) had reached out to him for an interview, but he declined because he didn't want to give a platform to a terrorist. More like he didn't want to humanize a regular mid eastern politician that would upset the carefully constructed Jewish narrative.
STAY OUT OF HOSPITALS IF YOU WANT TO LIVE.   THEY KILL HUNDREDS OF THOUSANDS MORE THEN GUNS.  MAYBE WE SHOULD BAN DOCTORS LIBERAL FUCK WADS!
That's the answer you Roman Catholic Nazi scum always have for your enemies.  You losers never change your tune.
So he killed his drunk slut of a mother and the scrub she dragged home from the bar...  Manhunt for Tennessee man who allegedly admits he killed his mother, friend  http://www.foxnews.com/us/2018/04/09/manhunt-for-tennessee-man-who-allegedly-admits-killed-his-mother-friend.html
An Insult To The Victims  
No, no one gives a shit about the conservative message. And there isn't even a conservative message. It stands for nothing. It surrenders on everything. She's a good example of someone who surrenders on everything. It's just a gimic. And you like it that way.
Yes they should and it should be done through a third party. Mike Enoch took a test but how can we trust him?
Nuts like THIS are dangerous to the FREEDOM of This Country !!!  PLEASE KEEP HIM OUT OF ANY INFLUENTIAL OFFICE !!!
God I hate that faggot
Fat Rosie attacks Zuckerburg lol
Thank you Orban for saying NO to mass migration and not importing anti-white and anti-Jewish racist Islamofascist supremacists from the third world!  Thank you for defending Europe.  May God bless and protect you.
After March's 200 % INCREASE in Illegal Immigration,, @realDonaldTrump was warned by allies that his base of supporters is increasingly fed up with a lack progress on ending illegal immigration.... 
What about them?  Want to post specifics and examples of artful crusading by the left to solve non-problems with Republicans that are roughly half as dirty as at least one Democrat president? (as though the vast majority of our top level politicians are clean or something)
Trump is like a weak hysterical woman, paralyzed by events, while strong, virile men, who know what they want, laugh and do as they please.
Call me stupid or whatever, but I had no idea they survived. So there is a 'gas attack' and it's military-grade, and yet everyone survives just fine and the pets die of neglect because the owners can't get home to take care of them. 
The only way to stop these animals is to hang them one by one in the city square so others from their culture can see what happens when you rape one of ours.
The double standard hypocrisy is deafening and this desperate attempt and overreach  proves it is nothing but a political witch hunt. He can't fire Mueller, it would hit Trump hard politically but he can go after Rosenstein.
"Captain Europe" is one of a few EU propaganda "superhero" devices aimed at brainwashing kids. The current one is a soy-drinkers wet dream, this "retired" one is just as bad. 
Trump and JohnMcCain must have kissed and made up with this Syria mess. Unbelievable. No wall but hey it’s time for war!!
These people are doing the right thing...standing up to gypsy filth. Shame plod hasn't got the balls to do it ! 
One for @Heartiste‍: women who declare they want men of good character shun all the visually unattractive ones regardless of assurances about their character. (Researcher should have asked about men of BAD character.) https://twitter.com/degenrolf/status/983592149324324864?s=21
Their own people in government positions did this to them. History is full of examples of what to do next.  They just need to get off their asses.
He’s a badass at striking out the global warming freaks.
Brain washing in the US :) 
Hey bitch, take that gun you love so much and stuff it up your drippy STD-pussy and pull the trigger.
Sociopathic liberals think a 3 year old being raped and murdered is justified because "Muy oppression".
The libtard, Snowflake,fag, soyboy,with the stupid hat forgot "pussy"
No such thing as Islamaphobia,just people that want to survive it!
I voted for Trump even though I already figured him for being a possible Jew himelf. Search for Rabbi Trump on google. When I first did it was revealing. But even if he is not he is surrounded by them completely. He was noted as having more Jewish connections than any other Republican candidate. And he has been proving it ever since he got into office. INSIDE JOB~!
Donald Trump IS a minion of Israel.
Albright: 'special place in hell' for women who don't support Hillary 
Did they hit Little Kurdistan? Those Muslims need to be deported as well if they are eligible for deportation.
I ATTENDED PENN STATE IN 71     THIS IS FUCKING DISGUSTING
The ultimate 'ends justifying the means' - but Putin seems to have some integrity. Doing that to israel would also harm his allies and their people in a big way. Unlike the jew and the zionist controlled US govt, I can't see him being that monstrous.  
in their shit tier cargo cult
http://www.breitbart.com/big-government/2018/04/10/facebook-shares-soar-as-senators-fumble-tech-questions-to-zuckerberg/  Disgusting Jew. The real reason behind the #FacebookHearingsrevealed. Nice Facebook headquarters you got there Jew....would be a shame if...  ;^) 
The bear needed the eagles help obvious really because they where soooo tough  no matter how  much the bear Jewed and jewed he couldn't break them open
My only hope is that this is some kind of five-dimensional double-reverse-post-ironic false signaling to get to left to think war is a stupid option purely because they're compelled to hate everything Trump says.
SICK DESPICABLE PURE EVIL....PEDOVORE ? SOMETHING THAT ONLY EATS CHILDREN. 
What Soros and his ilk want to do to Russia's traditional values.  Sadly they successfully executed this plan here in America.
Facebook was created the same day Pentagon killed Lifelog. Hence, Pentagon created it, gave it to Zuck and made him the face of it under a new name. --->Facebook. #AprilShowers #GrabSomePopcorn
Tomorrow. It's the start of Israel's fake gas remembrance week.
ONLY SOLUTION to the JEW 
Shows you TRULY how Zio-Kikes feel about Christians! Fuck 'em! ***NOZ KOLAC JASENOVAC! UKLONI ZHIDOV!***
Most probably a brainwashed boomer😉
THE COMBUSTION ENGINE IS DEAD JUST FACE FACTS AND NOW BRING THE PRICES DOWN FOR ELECTRIC VEHICLES.  F**K THE WORSHIPFUL COMPANY OF FUELLERS 
The US and UK are jealous of Russia selling a shit load of out of date weapons to Syria and need some plan to dump the weapon stockpiles. So, bomb the shit out of Syria. 
The Parkland and Sandy Hook school shootings are not real. even to go that people were killed  do you think anyone was killed in sandy Hook or Parkland?
Illegal immigration has soared back to pre-Trump levels because NOTHING is being done about it. They're not afraid. 
Failure to show empathy - Up to 6 months in jail or an unlimited fine. 
I don't need someone to explain to me how the Dems are outright traitors. What I need explained to me is how do we get these fuckers hanged.
You just can't make this shit up... 
Once people move into a structure on your property they become "tenants", whether they pay rent or not.  So are they invitees? licensees? trespassers?  or just dudes in a "landlord/tenant" relationship. It takes an eviction action to remove them.  Kali is so "smart".  :)   http://dailycaller.com/2018/04/12/la-county-homeowners-homeless-people/
That would explain why the antifa movement has a bitchy presence to it.
RT MartinDaubney    In January, a memorial to Lee Rigby was removed because a council deemed it "unsightly". Now cops back floral memorial to dead burglar Henry Vincent. Britain, 2018: it's OK to pay respects to a career criminal, but not a fallen war hero? https://pic.twitter.com/wNmpDVXOxW 
Does your ex know you're a pervert? Is that why she blew you out, Joe?
24 MARCH 1933 ...JEWS DECALED WAR ON GERMANY ... ALL BAD GOYIM KNOW THAT
I'm not calling you names either. You're a bitch. Biologically you have more estrogen than me, and are stupider than me, and have a vagina. 
Stop being a Doomsayer. You only know what you think you know, but don't actually know shit.
What is that? You are not willing to die for Israel, goy? That is it! you are an ANTISEMITE!
"Wars are the Jews harvest, for with them we wipe out the Christians and get control of their gold. We have already killed 100 million of them, and the end is not yet." (Chief Rabbi in France, in 1859, Rabbi Reichorn.)
wonder where ISIS  would have gotten chemical weapons? In that burning rubble in Syria?
Fuck Mueller is right..Crooked,  stupid bastard..He's lining his and his dem lawyer buddies pocket$ with our tax money...MILLION$..Fire that fuck..
On twitter Fuentes is sucking Trump's dick just the same.
And Cuckhexenhammer666. That piece of tranny shit is jumping on Trumps cock once again.
The last time American troops fought to defend their homes and families from "grave harm", their uniforms were gray and they lost.
Go fuck yourself faggot. 
I remember when she said that. The amount of "Neither do you" was astounding. The second most comments were laughing how these proud independent women shirk things like housework, but immediately run to it when trying to show worth.
Yep,sad days with stupid shit...
Because bitches can't keep secrets.
is this guy retarded  fucking hell /bant/ you're better than this
Like red sneakers so we look like a bunch of Norteno beaners? 
Seriously, it was like being stationed around 5 foot tall New Yorkers.  The South-Korean's only redeeming feature was their women were usually pretty hot .... 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fPQ9uA_M1Eg  
Hitler ran a State run police state that oppressed the individual rights of the German people. Hitler was a Marxist Fascist who was an evil despot. He was about as Christian as the devil.
She is a globalist Sikh sellout war mongering makaka  pig.
The entire world is responsible for the crucifixion of Jesus. Jewish leaders at the time petitioned and the Roman proconsul ordered and carried out Jesus's death but still anyone whoever lived is responsible!
#RepublcansWithoutBalls #KAG @POTUS #MAGA #QAnon #FakeNews#InternetBillOfRights #winning :  
That means you have bitch kegel muscles, lol kegel exercises are as important as lifting and if you have weak kegels you are a fag
There is no such thing as "hate speech", just like there is no such thing as "racist", and there is no such thing as "antisemitism" ...these *words* are all tools used to silence those that speak up against tyranny. Take your dumbass hate speech BS back to twatter.
The Jew wants to kill and breed out Whites. Jews lobby for the White Genocide in South Africa and their jingo sell out race traitor libtards follow suit.
Check out the "Script" of #Globalists #Syria
"lack of candor".... Translation.. Lyin' Mother Fucker.  http://dailycaller.com/2018/04/15/fbi-clinton-foundation-investigation/
African and Muslim it doesn't get any dumber than that .....
If there is no God, than there is not such thing as free will. If there is no such thing as free will, then you are right. Democracy is dumb. People are simply products of their environment and will always default to their predestined instincts. If you do not believe in God, then I cannot convince you that a constitutional republic with democratically elected officials is the least corruptible way to run a government, at least according to all known history.
YOU MEAN ISLAM DON T YOU  IT IS A FACT THAT ISLAM IS ALL THAT IS WRONG WITH THE WORLD  FOR OVER 1400 YEARS
He didnt federalize these troops. He just asked for their time for compensation to the state. Jerry Brown the Jew accepted the compensation but are ordering the troops to not do anything
Whenever women are in charge of anything they fuck it up. 
Maybe tonight I will take a walk out on Fremont Street. Meet a pal & just simply enjoy the night and sights. I know the straight up degeneracy of Vegas is too much to bear but fuck it. If I am leaving then I might as well have some degree of enjoyment before I go.
These filthy bastards are all connected. One begins to understand the impetus for total purges.
> @occdissent‍ accuses weev of doing the very same things he has done. 
Conservative judges recuse themselves. The left wing judges do not. They are dishonest and corrupt. The judge that found Flynn guilty was friend of Democrats and biased. Recused himself after the trial of Flynn. We have to get rid of the deep state judges. Or we are in same trouble as London England. They now are run by Jews & Muslims and have corrupt judges
"What the **** is this? I didn't order no sausage biscuit" 
I told you that Gorsuch was a cuck. It was so obvious based on the way he bad mouthed Trump to the Democrat senators.
Not that I'm worried, but I read the Wikipedia page on syphilis ... and I'm pretty much done with gayfagsex for the remainder of 2018.' 
WHO was on that plane they wanted to take out? Or was this another false flag they hoped to crash into another building?
hey @MisterMetokur‍ @JFGariepy‍ (legit retard fucker) hows it feel to kno someone can attach you to a legit pedo just to take down baked? faggots. y dont you talk to mr Mariana boat lift Failure & firewater faggot $50 a match semi-pro wrestling chump Tonka abt Zoom & his engagement w 13 year olds. You stepped in the wrong prefecture bitch. WE WILL END U FAGS!
The irony of someone named MOHAMMED calling the rape gangs out. And notice how Lucy says "the victims are definitely... Women and girls". Its like she's incapable of saying WHITE. 
My brother was terminal when his cancer was discovered.  He was younger than I am.  That was a. ..difficult moment.  I  was with him and while I was  stunned, he was angry.  Understandably.  
The problem isn't the government.  The law is just ignored when needed to appease the mobs.  The problem is the 3rd world population.  How do you fix that ... peacefully?  Especially when we're paying for the immvasion and the defense.
LMFAO  STARBUCKS  IS A FUCKING JOKE FROM THE FIRST  ONE THAT OPENED
I'm imagining their new diversity training. "Just please give the Blacks whatever they want..."
She's a Jew with connections. What else do we need to know to account for her "success"? What other way do ugly, fat and uncharming Jewish women who are said to be successes ever get ahead or reach the top?  No other way.
Good in theory, but Sessions is the "Gatekeeper" to prevent investigation of 'anything' Clinton.
Shitbags voted into office by "We, the People" are withholding information in their typical cavalier and condescending manner. " Who we fuck on the taxpayers dime and the millions of taxpayers' dollars in settlements arising from our fuckfests is none of your fucking business!"
Israel uses Sen. Lindsey Graham’s homosexuality to blackmail him 
That's what the Democrats have been doing for over a 100 years. 
Train your family subtly if necessary on what to do during civil war. Maybe go over the Spanish civil war of the 1930's which is pretty much what were expecting will happen in a few years.
any plans on videos of the subject matter? i don't know if i want to invest at this juncture but i'd for sure be a customer.
Stupid bitch thinks hogg is a person.
The difference is about 350 lbs. Shes so fat even the bathtub has stretch marks. When she hauls ass she has to make 3 trips. She went to weight watchers and everyone stood around and watched her. She has to keep 5 bags of cement on the passenger seat to keep her car from flipping over. At the restaurant they bring over a spoon, a knife and a fork lift.
Kike memes or no memes at all you fiserable maggots!
@MartyGraw 
What? CloverOS? The fuck? 
Getting rid of the swamp creatures in Congress will undoubtedly force us all to make difficult choices in the future.  Here's hoping that means we'll be sending more fighters and fewer RINOs to Congress in November. -- Alicia Colon
libtards cannot get out of their own way, which provides some humor for those of us non-sheeple who can still think for themselves   https://www.americanthinker.com/articles/2018/04/comey_debunks_steele_dossier.html
The fact that Cuomo the homo has granted felons the right to vote doesn't surprise me. He is actually an illegal alien liberal communist and is as low and corrupted as they come. 
Public registration for the bbs still closed eh? That makes it more of an echo chamber than farting in cuck box
Everyone dogging @AndrewAnglin‍ for enjoying traditional anime is probably a jew, a fed, or gay 
Lol we actually get wood chippers on my street. You just put your prunings on the side of the road. Why not have an Alt Right wood chipper? Its the free market Shlomo! Just toss in faggots and other bundles of sticks.
I will fight along your side to defeat all israeli-americans that are attempting to destroy this country. Please note the specificity of my statement. I'm not against you in this. We are on the same team. We will only become enemies if you start fighting individuals simply because they are a member of a particular group. --- I have a slightly more nuanced position when it comes to Islam. They suck.
Oh, but he's black....doesn't privilege count for anything now a days? Why cannot we just look the other way and let him continue on his law of the jungle ways? HELL NO, NOT IN MY NECK OF THE WOODS!!!
ARE YOU SURE THE ONE ON THE LEFT IS FEMALE OR EVEN HUMAN ?
She has a fucking Woll Smoth face.
Is that a thought crime now not liking other ethnicities?  Is it a crime to be white or European and just fucking love it and be proud of it?  Haha I'm glad I don't work for Starbucks and have to sit through fucking cultural-bias day!
Super oldie but a goodie, LOVE THIS... 
You know I have other photos right? I'm saving them for a special occasion, dipshit.
Bet she really hates European women, or maybe not, maybe she appreciates that vacuum cleaner she calls a nose. 
You've been indoctrinated, I just have to listen to the way you speak. You sound like you're employed by the EU. Eternal Peace lol... 
But they sure stood up for illegal aliens, didn't they? They went to the fucking mat for criminals.
Some bi-lingual woop ass going on here
Funny how the greatest African goal scorer in a PL season in their history is what niggers refer to as "white". African Niggers failed again.
Absolute power is the goal of Muslims.Its in their Qu'ran: Islam will rule the world & all infidels (that's us) should be killed wherever we are. Islam is satanic & it has joined forces with the satanic communists/leftists, abortionists, and LGBT groups. A veil of delusion hangs over our nation, England, Europe. We are in the last days
I agree I will support gay marriage when a man can give birth to a child without intervention or manipulation by humans... In the meanwhile any form of gay relationship is disgusting and sickening
Everyone they don't like is literally Hitler. No, really. 
Nigger. Do not turn this site into a communist network.
fuck.... and i was just about to quit
i HOPE HE JUST SHUTS YOU GUYS DOWN AND I CAN GO GET SHIT FACE
shit is getting real right now, peoples are being murdered left, right and center.
Not showing panties, not good enough. XD
The ukraine occult members known nazi members... demanding that Macedonia start a war in Europe not so long ago(2017) they looked like fucking orthodox Jews hahahahahahah
Yep, one of the many reasons why California is starting to implode from all the politically correct BS.
Those bitches need throat punched.........HARD!!!!!
The first official iftar was held at the White House in 1996, hosted by Hildabeast Hillary Clinton, and iftar meals were held annually at the White House and hosted by the U.S. President and the First Lady until 2016. As of May 2017, there were no plans for President Donald Trump to host an iftar.   
http://www.foxnews.com/opinion/2018/04/21/trump-has-constitutional-authority-to-fire-mueller-heres-why.amp.html 
You know when you've overcome almost all your virginity, when you see both sex and fucking as just stuffing around, for fun.
Is the mute feature only available with GAB Pro?  It is always the same prolific posters....  But...  I am sick of having my home page and news feeds, filled with disgusting posts vilifying Jews. I do not ask that this BS be banned. I just don't want to be forced to see this shit everytime I open GAB.
I find it interesting that #BLM protests "implicit bias." But they do this by behaving belligerently. Implicit biases are built through long-term, constant exposure to something--a well-worn mental pathway--and thus they train Americans who cannot counter such data with personal experience (in mostly white areas) to perceive blacks as belligerent.
Twitter cut me off for the comment below, no curse words at all, yet Kanye curses all the time. Take a look. Twitter needs to burn to the ground for what they are doing to freedom of speech!
The ISLAM Party knows that demography is on its side. Ahrouch has said, "in 12 years, Brussels will principally be composed of Muslims". In the upcoming Belgian elections, the ISLAM Party is now set to run candidates in 28 municipalities.  LONDON AND WORSE ..........................
Go fuck your fat nigger dad
Some of these images are fake, or crime scenes from one victim is paired with someone still alive.  
She can't help herself.... She's been brainwashed by the best programmers!
You can't watch playoff hockey without a big ass plate of barbecue! 
They will find a way to fuck it up their good at " Alternative " facts. We all call it lies
Snowflakes rather have safe spaces and crayon....butter knives scare thiese creatures....the sight of a   Single unspent round will be way to traumatic for them let along a gun.
At least I wasn't duped by the Clintons into supporting a fat orange faggot retard
But with the Bible, one can renounce actions as unBiblical. But therein lies the Great Whore of Babylon's biggest problem: The Great Whore was openly & murderously against the common folk having the Bible, and she identifies herself by her people's association with her people – by an establishment!  To appeal to the Bible for identity, is to leave Rome.
I been fucking replying to myself wondering where in the fuck is the response to my question. What an Asshole #GabFam
Not only that, how many white people do you see in this image, other than the raggedy ann looking doll?
Nice to see someone just using the word #English and not this vile #British (slave).  It's time to call these lands the true name of the BLESSED #ISLES OF ALBION.
@Oblivia is this how you help the site if you are bored them just get fucking lost and spare us your winie shit
April 21, 2018 🚨Gateway Pundit 👉🏻 11 year old 6th grader hit by pickup truck 👉🏻KILLED 👉🏻FUCKED UP anti-gun SCHOOL WALK OUTS 🚨people should SUE the TEACHERS for wrongful death‼️ http://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2018/04/11-year-old-6th-grade-boy-hit-killed-by-vehicle-during-anti-gun-national-school-walkout-in-el-paso/
EVERY single dire climate change warning ever 'predicted' has been proven FALSE! Every single one! Deception of this level isn't rocket science or new! http://thehill.com/homenews/sunday-talk-shows/384329-bloomberg-pledges-45-million-to-fulfill-us-commitment-to-paris #Unbelievable
So @DonLegaracci brought the poison social media scripts to Gab?? 
Filthy kikes & their niggers!
Our Ancestors fought for and built this country now that it's pretty awesome, the shit people from all over the world want to come here, pillage, & turn it into the Shithole they left by bringing in their family failures to be America's burden. I don't want to be the new Indians, but that's what Democrats are planning. Think before U vote check their records!
my advice to you would be to know your Place.. 
Macron gets off the plane and spends a minute chatting with the young boy who hands him welcome flowers. Then gives him a kiss. 
Many things deserve the death penalty. Including shooting blacks on sight for looting
What exactly is photography for a Trump supporter?  
Nothing good ever comes from a White Van 
Minnesota: A Republican Caucus Convention at a Notorious Mosque https://iotwreport.com/minnesota-a-republican-caucus-convention-at-a-notorious-mosque/  Wrong. Wrong. Wrong. You cannot hold a serious meeting in the enemy's stronghold.
We've had this petition before but they refused to debate it. Fucking cocksuckers
Globalist bastard with pit full of corrupt sons . Sons of sin
Just like dumbass Alex Jones, no one is able to save "classical liberal"
In my anti-muslima mode with this blasting in my ear while i kick fuck out a tewwowist https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lk5iMgG-WJI
Hmmmm.........I'll take this one with a grain/pound of salt, wasn't he the one that said that bush hated black people!
President Macron must be thanking his lucky stars that Britain has a PC obsessed PM Theresa My who has sacrificed Britain's relations with the US for the sake of getting a nod of approval from the loony liberal left. That woman has caused so much damage to UK it is amazing she is still there.
Feminist crones want to ban cheerleaders from NFL... 
Another lovely #erotic drawing by #Rebecca. I want to strip @SuziDreamer naked and lick her pussy like this. I'd tongue her #clit until her juices were flowing out over my face. #NSFW #DirtyDaydreams
Virtue signalling trumps facts you silly sausage ;-)
Netherlands: Almost 90% of migrants still unemployed after 2.5 years in the country https://voiceofeurope.com/2018/04/almost-90-of-refugees-are-still-unemployed-after-living-for-2-5-years-in-the-netherlands/
Brings whole new meaning to rubbing his nose in it.
Is it time for the afternoon shift jerk off? The only one making an asshole of himself is the fuckwad that believes in marvel comic gods.  probably dressed up like them during your daily spank sessions with your neighbors.
As CIA Director, John Brennan Colluded With #Russian Spies in Moscow to Set Up Trump & Ensure Hillary Presidency – True Pundit  http://ow.ly/mkvE30jEZCz
"If Hitler's doctor had a Brooklyn accent"... http://www.infowars.com/video-msnbc-host-scarborough-says-white-house-physician-is-like-hitlers-doctor/
"It's not about the sex itself. It's about the validation. It's about knowing that women want you, and the feeling of self-worth that comes with it." ~Elliot Rodger, PUAHate.com, 2014/01/27. 
These normie race redpilled, but JQ igno Goys make me lafff... und laff.. und laff...  
Damn right you can. I love the taste of #cum , especially dripping fresh from the mouth of @SuziDreamer.  Mmmm. #NSFW
Just turn the fucking truck around and send it back...why the fuck are they getting a day in court?
Are you fuking blind? By the time Stark wrote this, Vivre Libre ou Mourir ("Live free or die") was already a popular motto of the French Revolution.
Human beings use pattern recognition in order to simplify and solve complex problems. When humans with above average intelligence, such as yourself imo, embrace tribal hatred of an entire race it is typically the result of pattern recognition combined with a temporary lapse in critical thinking. 
Not your children though, because no woman is ever going to let you stick your dick in them 😁
#Russia must be mocked, ridiculed and challenged. So say our leaders.😒 
Yeah, this proves that axiom "Give 'em an inch, they'll take a mile". Give one black man a free cup of coffee, another will ask for THE ENTIRE STATE OF FLORIDA. Seems reasonable...
The half brain-dead boomer is ass mad
Heil Hitler. 
Antifa will get murdered out there they're fucking with bikers who will slaughter them.
9 Days - From My Window in Aleppo, A shit video, for shit people from a shit city in a shit country: 
Wow, you're a really good Monday-Morning Quarterback and second guesser!  I bet you can tell me the right thing everyone throughout history should've done. Amazing power of hindsight you have.
Goyim, now that the Supreme Court is 1/3 Jewish, you *must* be replaced by infinity Muslims. 
They should have tested her for drugs. Nutcase.
Lefties love DeNiro. Maybe tell him (or her) (or it) "Fuck you, you fucking fuck!"
Oh please... If 13% of the population is committing 50% of the Fucking crimes, then the problem lies within your own culture.. Stop Fucking pointing fingers at other people. Start taking responsibility and stop being a little bitch.
Censorship & thought policing;
Jews cheat on their test scores in order to get into elite universities where they are way overrepresented when going off of merit.
Basically,  he's admitting that black folk have this need for permission from DemoKKKrat master. I really hope that changes.  Black man needs to be freed from the shackles of libtardism 
I am with @BOBOFkake‍  great photo, can't imagine any heterosexual men not having VERY nice things to say LOL!
We will rejoice when humanity can finally say to the Rothschilds "Sorry. Your money is no good here."
Yeah, like I said. Strawmen is all you have. Never said I was better than the middle class. I said you are the one who wants to appeal to the middle class. Honestly go watch some game of thrones, then you can relate to the middle class. I care about the working men who don't know how they are going to protect their children when whites become the minority in 10 years.
Why are you on Gab? We left Twitter to get away from shitposters. You must be a liberal here to be stupid. Go back to twatter
Where's our fuckin wall Trump?
Have they already won? 
"The Kamin-Gould thesis is that early IQ testers claimed their research proved that Jews as a group scored low on their tests and that this finding was then conveniently used to support passage of the restrictive Immigration Act of 1924 which then denied entry to hapless Jewish refugees in the 1930s." 
We must exterminate the kikes!
If you learn to love the white man you will go to heaven. 
So....   Now we love the niggers and hate the Jews?
So, he supports the cracker over his tribe?
The *LOST* generation!!! 1) They don't know what gender they are, 2) They don't know which restroom to use, 3) They don't know how to stand up for themselves.
Man shoots, kills carjacking suspect near Millenia mall http://www.orlandosentinel.com/news/breaking-news/os-carjacking-attempt-shooting-millennia-mall-20180422-story.html #2a #2ndAmendment #SelfDefense #ArmedDefense
No crying,taking our country back from the leftist sexual perverts.
kanye and jay z i think have flirted with republicanism for quite some time. they're rich enough that they're more concerned with the government taking their gibs from the kike entertainment complex than with getting gibs from the government.
Meanwhile, MI6 poisoned spies, faked gas attacks, and manipulate that brown wave March....truly that generation's parents were right when they rolled their eyes, and said, "Theresa, Donald, Em: each time I consider how the world could wind up in your treacherous little hands, it keeps me from dying in peace."
Berlin 
I really don't understand what you mean by that. 
If Jesus Christ's Father is worse than Hitler, what does that make Muhammad's father?
Bunches of shit Romanians and bulgarians visit UK to suck from it then leave eCgs ummer for Thier shitty 3 months summer's...then return and fuck the UK again..worthless fuckers
His country is a pussyfied soon to be moslem shithole.
Irrelevant. The vast majority of our illegal immigrants trashed their own homes.
Its amazing how many deaths of innocent civilians are needed to defend the Evil Empire....when leaders feel no remorse and attempt to hide the reality...when killing POC...what value does your live have in the minds of these psychopaths??? 
Lol Brah taking the ball out tht mouse fuck school :)
Cucks: By joining forces with savage degenerates like the Kardashians and Milo, we'll save America from savagery and degeneracy.
not worth the effort.  let them put on big boy/girl britches & deal with their own sh!t (immigration, economic collapse, Russia......)
Take  break from Jooos and faygets for a minute, find your center so you can hate with more passion 
we can trade them for their whites. say 20 social liberals for every single person from south africa that wants to come here. maybe we should make that 200 social liberals. i'd like to feel the love.
OMG we can't trust that nigger Kanye West my fellow comrad... Errrr I mean white conservative Christian soldiers! It's a trick! - EVERY SINGLE SHAREBLUE SHILL
This scumbag rapper will have to do a heck of a lot more than some tweets to get me to buy what he's peddling!
If he was a kike, you'd probably let him fuck yours.
I am COMPLETELY DISGUSTED w DOJ/FBI still being run by Obama and Hillary - WE ARE RUNNING OUT OF PATIENCE TRUSTING @jeffsessions REDACTED 46 pages today from Strzok-Page WORSE than a JOKE, a NATiONAL SEC Crisis as COUP D'ÉTAT continues @realDonaldTrump #Qanon8chan FIRE EVERYBODY
LOOKS LIKE bill GOT AIDS
did you great him with a lousisville slugger ? or was he raping a cheer leader out the back. "I DID NOT HAVE SEXUAL RELATIONS WITH THAT WOMAN"
Nice try, you lying commie filth!  
HAHA- Joy Reid steps in shit as she gets busted making libtard triggering anti-gay comments because she doesn't know how to spell 'feud'  https://www.infowars.com/busted-joy-reid-misspelling-suggests-she-did-write-homophobic-blog-posts/
Polished and smart? is that code for "cleaned up his tracks"
That's because she's a kike! They can do everything hypocritical!
Unfortunately obesity runs high in the black community and we white folk are not as forgiving around obesity on first sight...we're just okay with it once there's a ring on her finger and she has claim to all our things.
Or... they'll turn on their pimps and handlers....when they get old & ugly....
@CareBearz 
Unfortunately only get out in public two or three times a month.... less during winter... must protect health (heart)... DO NOT get flu shot and protect yourself, diseases once gone in America are back due to IMPORTED MUSLIMS, TERRORISTS, MEXICANS and OTHERS... AMERICA NOW AT MERCY OF WORLD DISEASES... THAT IS THE PLAN ... THINK GMO
He’s a jewy jew - you can tell by the way they flail about when they are caught.  
the question isn't "how often do the jews stab their generous gentile hosts in the back?", it's "do jews ever pull the dagger out of the backs of their generous gentile hosts?".
Maybe they're waking up finally because the Communist Dems are recruiting the illegals now
What a fat, worthless faggot 
Yeah another Communist/Nazi democrat political tactic to ruin folks lives and put RADICAL women in charge! These folks are lunatics! It's like to hell with due process
WW2 Italian Tank....or is it just a jeep with a fucking howlitzer? 
good point. i just think it was useless for the usa to intervene, only caused more deaths and suffering on all sides. sorry if i offended any vets.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3qpcyJ-nse0
you have the most intresting responces.  
This double standard stinks like shit. Delete your facebook account.
Nuke NK over wow not a word from the Libtards .
This makes me want to write and direct a modern day short film about this scene with a bad-ass Jesus... kicking the spawn of satan, infiltrating, imposter jew ass left and right - while at the same time, being sincerely compassionate and caring to the LOST tribe of Israel.  Almost like a LAST ACTION HERO knock-off: "This summer, Christ is taking out the trash!"
signs your kid's teacher is a #thot 
pls don't vaccinate, just sayin
you can take the nigger out of the jungle, but can't take the jungle out of the nigger!
You don't get kicked out of that many places without being a total fuck up.
Ignore the circus. Kanye is irrelevant. Korea is China's problem. America still burns. 
Listening to your Hatehouse hot take on Cosby rape fetish. It's Jewish. They also need to control and humiliate or they can't get off.
pissing contests from behind keyboards LOL
I see another stupid ass man. Another fake of the devil.
Lol, you have a problem with my free speech that I think whites shouldn't racemix with blacks? You're a shit father that you'd disgrace your ancestors and allow your daughter to marry a nigger.  
Dude, even a worthless cackling hag like Hillary defeated a socialist asshole.
DONT FUCKING VOTE! 
Andrews more focused on big anime titties than you.
lmao at everyone waking up to $ADA. come the fuck on guys. don't you see what they are doing? they are a top tier think tank dropping mensa BOMBS on the cryptosphere.
What about red people? (Indians)  Red is a color.
These 2 racist moon crickets are the biggest race baiters and cop haters ever and Al where is Americas 4.6 million in back taxes ?
Varg sums up christ tards perfectly here. 
Shytnutz, how are ya you piece of muslim shit? How's that camel piss working out for ya? You really should increase the amounts you consume on a daily basis and then inform us of the medicinal value. You like trolling women and talking internet cowboy shit to them huh? Lol.....you pathetic piece of shit. Troll me muthafucker. I LOVE GARBAGE.
It's too late. We've converted too many of their readers, and they aren't going back to cuckoldry.
There is a reason the European migrant invasion consistes is of ONLY military aged non-white males .....  Because the target is white wombs! 
Man was ahead of his times. Build tent cities and park all the illegals there for however long it takes to vet their dubious claims for asylum.
> Michelle Wolf demonstrated how it can turn a young, attractive woman into a repulsive, nasty, shameless human being. 
What I find bizarre about the Correspondents Dinner 2018 is that White House staff could have organized a couple of right-wing comedians to appear on it and have a go at the left-wing liberal scum gathered in the room. What is this pussyfooting with leftists all about? Fuck them, the perverts that they are! mock them at any opportunity, that's what I say.
Here's a joke I would have told at the White House Correspondent's Dinner: 
I deleted the posts that offended all ye cute widdle snowflake bitches.  
Mexico is like living next door to a tweeker that steals all your shit, gets your kid on drugs and fucks your wife.
#Macron stirring brewing up more trouble in #Syria! https://friendsofsyria.wordpress.com/2018/04/25/rothschild-puppet-macron-says-us-must-oust-assad-build-new-syria/ … #EmmanuelMacron #SyriaCrisis #SyriaConf2018 #France #Trump #MAGA #Globalists #Globalism #Globalist #globalization #Assad #Russia #Putin #MiddleEast
Escape from a miserable shithole and then turn the place you arrived into that very same miserable shithole you escaped from. WTF?
https://www.jpost.com/Middle-East/Analysis-Who-could-have-been-behind-the-massive-explosion-in-Syria-553109 
Mexico is aiding and abetting, you stupid fucking dolt. Fuck you and fuck Mexico
How would you qualify a minister of justice claiming a judge who does his job without checking if his sentence will please twitter mobs has "a particular problem everybody knew about" and wondering why nobody had retired him yet? Just populism or a well-planned attempt to undermine the judicial system?
They're avoiding the draft to help fight to save their own countries. Why fight for your shithole when you can have a clean brand new one where you can live for free, continue your war on their soil and turn it into the same shithole you just left.
sick of #Q "trust the plan" - porn-hub convention
"It's their life bro, so what if they want to fuck kids. It doesn't affect me." Am I doing it right? 
And who is helping to fuck-over a Europe and its indigenous peoples, culture and traditions?🤔 
That he doesn't receive one should be a relief to those of us who expect him to "save" the west. 
We shouldn't waste a lot of time on #Iran 
Poverty has a Black face in it...the idea of White poverty just doesn't fit into anyone's mind....in fact...talking about relieving White poverty or improving White conditions is mocked and ridiculed....Whites are disrespected when poor...
She looks like what a chihuahua would shit out after eating used tampons.
These people are born criminal parasites.
It seems somewhat strange that these Jews can have so much influence over their enemies. The kind of influence that can subjugate a billion or more people to give up their countries to fight each other and ultimately give their land to the Jews, for nothing? There's a missing component. There is something else bigger than the sum of the parts. What is it?
THISVIS WAY DEMOCRATS THINK ABOUT LIFE , EVIL PARTY
Sick, defective, failure of a country #SouthAfrica 
I am talking about modern man- the current EU generations are ignorant trash- the Israeli Jews are highly educated sophisticated and pious
Honduras: Latin culture, speaks Spanish, wants to “seek asylum”  
Having been a member of The SCV (Sons of Confederate Veterans) for the past 25 years... I feel such a disdain and hatred for these ingrates I can't even put it into words. In fact, words aren't even needed or appropriate for such an act,....just a rope.
Do you honestly think I can be fooled with some pussy? Do you honestly think that? Dumb bitch. Even if I thought with my dick I would still have an extremely high IQ. Whore.
Commies is so 60's dood, your gonna need to catch up. 
It's because the facts you claim can be searched and debunked each in FIVE SECONDS.  Just type the major malfunction you believe in into a search-engine but add the word "debunked" after it.  I am not a "team of researchers" because I don't have to be.  An authority has already commented on how your ideas are fake.
Clue...the Mullahs hate America. Got it yet?
If American patriots give a dam about their country and constitution, they wont hold their breath for a response from "officials"!! 
The story of the Jew is fascinating. They are responsible for killing Christ for which they became cursed and abandoned. Then, somewhere along the way their religion became this backwards anti- to that of creation. Leading to the developed evolutionary psychological strategy to subvert host nations, mental illness, etc. That's one way to think about it.
its total horse shit, but then again, most gamer males are pussybegging betas to be honest. it is dissapointing, but not too surprising. The fact that they have to bribe females to play video games says everything i need to know.
I don't buy the 'the people we vote for have no control over how the government is run' argument. It's easier to blame everything on a conspiracy than to face a messy reality sometimes. Example,10 years ago lots of people believed the only reason there were almost no electric cars on the market was due to a conspiracy by oil companies. Now that Tesla exists we all see the real costs and challenges that come with electric cars. 
These invaders from Latin America come from a "slash and burn" culture. They destroyed their environment and now are seeking fertile ground to start over again. Let it not be the USA.
His biased B.S is fun to call out though.
wtf is this retard tier shit? none of it even makes sense lol
They have already Donna. Cut ties now while you can. That ship is sinking. People I once liked and respected are reduced to nothing more than hypocritical assholes.
Judge Andrew Napolitano straight-up LIED on @FoxBusiness' "@VarneyCo" today. He stated that "As soon as illegal immigrants step foot on US soil, they have rights... and to stop that we'd have to change the Constitution."   Which is TOTAL FUCKING BULLSHIT.  #Treason #BuildTheWall #DeportThemAll #DACA
Waking up to this shit. Gahhhh!!!!
Non believers will be sacrificed to Islam.
Mike Adams just dropped a huge bomb on #OBOSO today and laid out how he is really the proliferator of this Iran and others nuclear armaments programs in secret giving the money, uranium, and the tech.
to be fair that flag means some thing else but what ever. and ya not racist and very part of american history shame some want to burn it. I kind of want to have it as Americas fighting flag. you know so the enemy knows were not fucking around. Had family on both sides of that war. not happey some one wants to burn it. btw not going to gas jews with ya ever kid.
I... give up. 
shut your faggot ass up before i beat you with your own child as i swing em by his foot
#NSFW #bi #sexy #girls #porn 
And you've let blacks rape your women for centuries, at epidemic rates, but you somehow forget this! AND do fuck all about it. Nobody is being killed, you all live in a dreamworld.
Hel is the realm given to Lokis daughter. The prescribed slave religion didn't come up with anything unique. Find your way back home.
Rapper Issues ‘Crip Alert For Kanye’, Warns West To ‘Stay In Calabasas’ - Tyranny News http://fightagainst-tyranny.com/2018/05/01/rapper-issues-crip-alert-kanye-warns-west-stay-calabasas/
It's different when BLM or antifa are beating on spitting on and throwing shit at white people and not a damn thing is done about it. And people are going to wonder why if the KKK comes back stong. Shouldn't be double standards because the color of your skin. Or people will seek justice on their own
Health > Family > Success 
Then tell your shrink I want my kickback payments ON TIME next time!
Damn Negro just cant keep it in his pants...  'Serial flasher' arrested for 12th time, authorities say  http://www.foxnews.com/us/2018/05/02/serial-flasher-arrested-for-12th-time-authorities-say.html
White women have the civilized manners to murder their own babies before they leave the womb and without gender preferences!
If the Japanese don't accept refugees they are hypocrites.
In other words, he was just a faggot because it’s fashionable and now he’s off to do something else for attention
we're in trouble if one mussie can take out 4 marines. 
Now they are calling Kayne West "The last rock star"... 
Dude... Should have started fucking using that shit day 1 faggit
He demands to know the truth, so he can cover it up with lies.
As he responds to all three posts. What a faggot. Probabaly young tho. A lot of these guys are 15-22 I would gather. I was a little punk in those years too. My how few years can change a boy into a man
Noor was on the force so that the city could say they weren't xenophobic. 
#sonoluminessence  
Anyone willing to donate weapons to help clear out prison muslim population? 
Who’s going to pay for your roads, your oxy, and the govt-subsidized hoverround after you lose a foot to type 2 diabetes, you cousin-fucking moron?
Considering that those abominations do everything they can to ruin the livelihood of others, they deserve their misery and distorted genitals. If they aren't put in their place by nature, then they will act sadistic to someone else. 
WATCH: Kathy Griffin Issues Shock ‘Date Rape’ Trump Statement 
IMPORTANT: INFORMATION ABOUT AN ANTI-NEHLEN SHILL  
Yes Margi59 it's very difficult to vote for anyone in Oz today as they do not care about Oz and it's people, only about getting elected and to get onto the taxpayers gravy train,
Yep I sure did, why they give the little bitch so much airtime beats me. 
Jews will always bring the ship back. Who do you think invented Marxism? And why it was invented? To destroy the West, not to accomplish some economical paradise. Solely to destroy the social order of Europe, which it succeeded in doing. Once all is destroyed and they're in total control, Jews probably revert to capitalism to put their abject slaves to work.
#girls #sexy  #bi 
No doubt. My point was that native Africans have destroyed everything they have taken from South African farmers within a short time. My sympathies lie with the white farmers. I wouldn't want to give up all I and my family have worked for,for generations. If they choose to leave and come here,I would help them anyway possible.
The lefty Communist are the degenerates we must get rid of. Stop voting them in office
probably a latent homosexual regressive!
Exactly. I know it went to giving more kooshy shit to their little useful dolt teachers. As my daughter said. "Yet somehow they have enough money to bring in 12 dozen donuts for the teacher every week." *sigh
Awwww he's precious bad ass kitty boy!!!
http://vancouversun.com/news/canada/a-special-adviser-will-help-rcmp-tackle-b-c-s-infamous-industry-money-laundering/wcm/b24a9972-75b8-450f-9557-56373510e9bb  
https://youtu.be/CEcpLCKrM6c ………..Project Veritas VIDEO: Teachers Union Presidents Caught Covering Up Child Abuse And Pedophilia
Muslims prefer fucking goats and Jews prefer sucking on baby dicks.  
I always enjoyed seeing Muslims overseas through my ACOG. Lol
Ha ha ha ha ha ha. They were paid what they were worth. 
Spencer and the likes of him can go fuck themselves, BUT people like this trigger happy censoring scheming bitch are far more annoying and scary and they are an actual problem.
His father, if he has one, should be flogged.
What they do is claim its free market principles to justify censorship. That satisfies conservatives because they think along those retard lines. Also right now it is mostly effecting the hard right so they don't give a shit but they are already whining hard about censorship because they know the chickens are coming home to roost soon.
I'm sure the satanist muslim Pope will order them to read it and burn the bible.  Muslim Man in Court for Threatening to Blow Up French Cathedral for Not Reading Quran - Geller Report https://gellerreport.com/2018/05/muslim-blow-up-church.html/
One of U2's producers Daniel Lanois, the reputed Canadian drug trafficker turned record producer - is one of the "actors" in the Public Service Announcement on CHILD TRAFFICKING and Child Sex Crimes. 
I don't who the 20% who voted Female are thinking, bathhouse Barry is obviously a gay man and Micheal is a Tranny
In my area there are ample choices of camping/outdoor/gun stores. I previously only went to Dick's to spread my "dollar vote" around. Now I really have no intention of going there anymore. 
For a good laugh read the comments at the bottom. 
EVIL MOTHER FUCKER THE DEVIL POPE.
The streets are shitty, the people are all shitty and colored like it.. How did the Taj Mahal become a giant clock?
Don't be ,... The Mikey Obama hide and scratch guy is the nightmare 😀
That is bull shit, Trudeau himself welcomed as many as could to Canada, He said quote, If US doesn't want them, we will welcome them to Canada.
More evidence about the morons teaching our children...https://www.newswars.com/school-orders-teacher-to-change-shirt-that-had-words-just-pray-on-it
Did the retard who fucked your mother teach you anything   Obviously he did
They are being created in our schools with our tax money!  Who are the bigger fools?
If he's "100% pro free speech" as you say, then why does he have a problem with universities shutting him down when he comes to speak but not when they do that to David Duke? 
Oliver Cromwell was the worst leader Britain has ever had.
TWO PIECES of shit both need to be sent back to the jungles they came from ,or any jungle at all as long as they are gone forever.
An interview with Dr.William Pierce from 18 years ago.... 
Sean Taylor is a deviant feeder who likes being the meat in a fatberg sandwich.  
just another ghetto trash black bastard who think we care what he thinks
All men are savages. 
I always liked the expression "bringing a retard to the zoo"
- When Shep or the 5 come on, I go to One America News or Newsmax News on DirecTV. Both of those guys are beyond braindead & belong on Fake News Communist News Network (CNN) OR PMSNBC!  🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸  _  https://t.co/UAHe4D4DMx
@Soco  I said, "Fuck everything about soco." 
Women not having kids is not even a remote possibility as a personal choice in a proper society, you stupid faggot.
I don't know... this whole thing looks like it was Nigger-Rigged
You miss the point, toady. Train, equip, watch for opportunities, strike when strategically advantageous. 
If you spent less time sucking someone else's dick and more time reading. You would realise BOTH our countries are fighting against the same things and BOTH our countries are being run by a self selected elite who think they know better. Do es a dimwit like you LIKE it or LOVE it?
mfw a hardcore antifa mystery meat racial nationalist in someone else's country is talking about victim status.
Not necessarily though. After all, many of us still remember Be Be's last presentation about Iran. Remember it.? 
We must have more WHITE children! 
I am IP banned, but I have no desire to return to that cesspit of retarded lefties. Don't be a stranger on GAB, love your posts  :-)
I use my real name and a real picture of myself here simply because I don't give a shit. Anonymity should be protected at all costs though if we are to have a truly free society.
"Degenerate westernization" is jewish control on society. You're fleeing jew control while saying you don't care. 
You can't fix stupid unless you bury it.
“My grandpa killed heaps of Nazi scum” 
Why did she sit there and continue to watch the video?  Was she tied to the fucking chair? 
@Cantwell‍  how the fuck do we activize? Do we go hand out flyers and shit at Walmart to Multicultural boomers? Spray paint swatzikas on our dicks and make porn. I'm ready to win. What do we do to ram the ideas of Seig Heil and Physical Removal into people. Is it like making love without protection?
"you idiots literally are the left" 
I guess they fucking with the platform cause my home page on gab doesn't load the threads.  Notification works but not the home page.  Insteresting.
Too much fucking sausage and cheese and sitting on their asses watching niggers play handegg wearing green and gold.  
all censorship is sold to the viewer as a helpful and beneficial feature, bc no one would buy into it if they knew what sick insidious shit it really is
CNN is nothing but trash & all the babblers they have are idiots & liars!
It is not the Muslim. Nor is it the mestizo or the negro or even their Jewish handler that is the greatest enemy of the white race. The white race's greatest and most dedicated enemy is the white female.
How can these Liberal banks be allowed to dictate what LEGAL items consumers are allowed to purchase? What if the Liberals decide they don't like white shirts? And what about the debit card accounts that are prepaid with your own money? These companies should be REQUIRED BY LAW to complete ANY LEGAL transaction if they want a license to serve the public.
Sessions, Mueller and the whole front office of the FBI need to be fired. They are NOT the fourth branch of government
Happened to me right after I called Chelsea Handler a filthy, dirty whore. Maybe that was it.
The fact that kids can't READ an analog clock is a perfect indicator of just how fucking terrible the British schools are, dumbing down to accommodate third world shit! http://fox2now.com/2018/05/04/british-schools-are-replacing-analog-clocks-because-students-cant-read-them/ #ShakesHead #Unbelievable
@TexasRancher45‍  
it's the niggers who are racists, I was told this by a jamican guy I know, their totally different..i loath Nigerians most blacks from Africa I can't stand.. 
WOW . . I had not seen this yet 
"Questions raised?" The answer is always the same. Niggers using their own whelps as punching bags, then "Ah dindu nuffin!" Daycare my ass.
That ones wearing a bit thin now gimpy. Liking the promptness though. The best slaves are the punctual ones.
#Atheists we were criticizing, but who we were proposing a peace offering to, had our channel struck down with a phony Community Guidelines strike, then they lied about the content of the censored video. We'll discuss how we can bypass the #Atheism mafia's thuggish censorship squads.
In my teens, there was a spike in Wiccans in the town I grew up in. Hedonistic aesthetic precursors to the purple-haired 3rd wave feminists we mock today. Had to fight a court battle to save my own son from his mother, who had become one of them. She told him I was dead as she tried to raise him to be a submissive faggot. Gods favored me, and I have the boy now.
That's the Lampshadinator 3000 that turns Jewish lies into indisputable historical facts.
Good little doggie ... or is she a Jew?
Mike Enoch gets most of the flak because he is more a public face than Jesse Dunstan, but Jesse Dunstan is far more problematic than Mike Enoch.  
Defending Islam should be made a capital offence.
Trump turns up the heat on Mueller for 'phony crime.' Then he warns 13 angry Dems of what's coming.   http://tapwires.com/2018/05/08/trump-turns-up-the-heat-on-mueller-for-phony-crime-then-he-warns-13-angry-dems-of-whats-coming
Yeah it is.  
http://observer.com/2010/08/poor-li ttle-rich-girls-the-ballad-of-sara- and-clare-bronfman/2/ 
Give her an award for most pathetic.  Am I in trouble for assuming its gender?
Of course kamala Harris would be there, she is a highly paid prostitute.
She's  really ...really smart. As for being a lesbian....hey i know how much i like pussy so i can't really blame her.
Haspell is a Khazarian demon.
The drunk driver was, apparently, not a Muslim, but the defective police response is due to political correctness that we could do without.
They can all kiss my ass. They didn't change the way they did business they just agreed to keep quite about it. They are still funding terrorism and they were building nukes as fast as possible to blow away Israel and America. They'll never be anything but cave dwelling terrorists and they can NEVER BE TRUSTED.
Fuck off you Commie sympathizer! 
Israel is the biggest terrorist state in the Levant and ME. USA is the biggest terrorist state in the world.
The Whites are out numbered 9 to 1 in South Africa. If the White people leave, the country will revert to barbarism like so many other African nations.
Utter horseshit.  Who knew the police would use 9 year old girl manipulation tactics. Alarming.
LOL... Hey Hillary, Bill is still fucking Monica!  https://nypost.com/2018/05/09/monica-lewinsky-i-was-uninvited-from-event-after-bill-clinton-rsvpd/
If you want an infinitely large white population on US soil then there's no solution. This nation should return to its Agrarian roots, the Industrial Revolution and its consequences have been a disaster for the white race.
A white person with down syndrome is worth more than any nigger!
Tell him to bring his goat and camel fucking faggot ass to America and burn a flag in front of me ... I will beat him into a trauma center bare handed that faggot pussy bitch don’t have the balls to come here and do it
That fucking pussy of a pig #cop who shot the #groundhog needs to be put down. Where did they hire this idiot? From an episode of '#SouthPark'?  
Tommy alerts us to symptoms, not the cure. I'm not saying that's without merit. Folk like you will not see how the Jews and racial demographics are killing us, because you only concentrate on Islam.
Woman is torn to pieces by pack of four pitbulls who ‘chewed on her for 40 minutes’ https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/6252465/woman-eaten-pit-bulls-dogs-terri-cosby-oklahoma-city/
The time has come to erase Democrats from our political landscape. As a party, they have proven that they don’t believe in freedom, America, or accountability. Aside from bankrupting their own party, they have consistently elected and appointed representatives that consider their office as a Bank account and their loyalty to private, unmentioned persons in the name of global welfare. As a party, they create nothing except debt through entitlement and the promotion of victimization and every morally degenerate idea imaginable.  
Making threats when you don't even know who you are talking to is a dumb move.
nigger you be is raycis
What Harrelson was trying to say is.....he sold his soul to the evil that runs Pedowood!!! 
FUCK YOU IN YOUR NECK BITCH BOY  
The difference between mgtow and feminist is that most mgtow men, typical betas that they are, don't tend to be raging homosexuals, whereas feminist are commonly seen wearing blue hair and humping on the legs of other women, and are aggressively violent toward both men and other women.
That story about the wet start is a lie. McCain is an ass and evil as they come but the explosion on that carrier was not his fault. Reposting fake stories like this one just shows your ignorance and does not help the cause. 
Oh, so you're a Christcuck who would rather venerate a kike than kill them.
@NBCNews SEND THIS STUPID BITCH TO A NK LABOR CAMP ! News star @HallieJackson Jackson calls release of US prisoners 'choreographed' and 'staged'  https://t.co/3LkLPncply
If for no other reason I love Trump --- because he drives the left fukcing crazy!! 
Pit bull attacks Jehovah's Witnesses in Washington, police say http://www.foxnews.com/us/2018/05/10/pit-bull-attacks-jehovahs-witnesses-in-washington-police-say.html  a good reason to keep 'em on hand eh?
It Looks like a Cookie Monster tree-If I were a Transgender Scout with cookies I would stay clear!!
She just needs some bloke to grow a pair, and hatefuck some sense into her. 
Followed up by occupation and extermination round ups for the current leadership.
And, like, I think besides South Africa where the Afrikaners are getting butt-fucked, I don't think that's happening in, say, Botswana, which is right up north. 
You know Rouhani it's weird...I was just thinking this morning about how much I'd like to see dogs and pigs feasting on your carcass....funny, old world isn't it?
I’m a racial purist like Hitler
Sessions is a worthless POS as far as I`m concerned
I am seriously considering packing it in with them. When I am allowed back on their platform I may sign off with one last tweet to the effect of hey Jack the next time there isn't a penis in it you can blow your social media platform out your ass.
Theresa May is a traitor and needs to be shot like a traitor
Here is a flag for Hezbollah you islamonazi scum bag
"A place to discuss Jesus with fellow clean-living Christians" lol that description. But wasn't christianity responsible for the tentacle hentai?
Hey mahn and mahnettes may I've all the hits/contracts put out on myself retracted pls+thx as payment for entertainment as never seen b4 on Earth ha! My bro almost fought Carlos monzon 4world tittle woops title n refused to take dive n me dad bought off the hit for $3000 which was lots o shekels back then. My bro was Billy the kid outa Miami. I almost turned pro outa seaside gym Long Beach where Mike Weaver started out n came back to say hey tahhis trainer Slim after knocking big John Tate's dick in the dirt w one big hook. Mike drove up in new Corvette w plate;,: Won in 13. Mob connected managers trainers get their genetic jews parasite fangs in prizefighters who prove themselves n Slim a skinny blk man was Mikey's first n best trainer n got jack ssheit for it mayhe rip. Raise me up into office n we will stomp that mobster shit as greasing the road with leftovers using loaded not with coke as is this prez but w big-rigs//packages? Haha Hardy Hardie shesay ha ha do me do me truly of age girlyGirlz😀🤗🤔
SMH 
Those filthy traitors must hang!!!
Meme idea.......someone who has some meme skills should superimpose a pic of McTumors face over the niglet. lol
"Japanese-Americans", "Japanese-Brazilians", and "Japanese-Canadians" AREN'T JAPANESE AT ALL!!!
#NoTears for the dumb ass that stood with rapists over her nation's women. #KarmaIsABitch
"What you shouldn't know about European Parliament" English Subs. 
can"t say it often enough - if dumb fucks well, this idiot must have been the greatest shot of all times - 100 years ago 
KYLE IS A BADASS ! 
If no one gives any fucks, then who gives less fucks?
France is a joke they are destroying themselves. We see the before and after pictures after state sanctioned Muslim invasion . Why on earth would we trust them
Fucking ridiculous new low for Facebook. 
https://youtu.be/SMdBxo3FEJw  
O.o 
Lol.. why are you posting all this random & irrelevant shit ?
Do the people over there understand the terminology "rebel"? I don't get why they don't stop these animals. I don't get it.
waiting for you qfags to have an intelligent answer............
WAS THEN-SENATOR JEFF SESSIONS THE OBAMA MOLE OPERATING INSIDE THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN?
Just looking at that evil Jew makes me feel filthy
Nuke 'em 'till they glow and use them for runway lights.
UN use Brexit to play the race card against us. These people don’t understand that we never voted to be swamped by rapists, murderers and fraudsters from shithole countries. We don’t want them here.  
LOL!!
I don't doubt America was planned from the beginning, but you have surprised me with Plato. At this stage, it's certain nothing has ever been sacred. Philosophers were not enlightened, they were the enemy. Not as disappointed as I was when I found out they were gay/pedos though.
COMIC: Slave Boys of Mars 2 – Art Only. Pages 5-8. 
It will be sad for me as well. The Speaker of the Parliament has called for him to be banned from UK. That is an official representative of Her Majesty s Government.  Special Relationship is bullshit
Tumorboy McFaggot Admits He Leaked the Steele Dossier 
New Jewsy is a Dem shithole....high taxes and crime.....if you wonder what Jew America would look like, it’s Jersey
Anyone can marry anyone, what gays want is to have that recognized by Church and State, and no one owes them that. 
you still here?  go back to the abyss where you belong FREDDY GO STUDY THE NEW Q POSTS FREDDY........A.I. is getting better but not good enough not yet
Oh wow. 1984 is really here. The British police are a bloody disgrace, A National disgrace. More concerned with twerking at LGBT and painting their nails and polishing their stilettos. They are nothing but an embarrassing joke! Sitting on Prayer Mats in a Mosque is the biggest insult to the British people.
These 'costs divert scarce resources from the children of poor Americans to the children of illegal immigrants — even as the wages paid to American parents are forced down by competition from the cheap-labor illegal migrants.' #BuildTheWall #SecureBorders 
I haven't damaged you. I owe you NOTHING. I will continue to owe you nothing. The people who are owed damages are dead and so are the people that owe anything. Get the fuck over it.  Also, China is a failing country that's losing it's economic base. I'm less afraid of them than I am of FEMA camps.
Yesterday I heard someone saying that we jew haters don't know much because Catholic church is the real evil in the world, jews are only poor victims being controlled.
Oh and if I choose to fight over my land? Then I am branded a terrorist and the fucking capitalist commie state floods my land with feds until they murder me. FUCK YOU! What do you own? NOT A FUCKING THING!
Why is Confederate States of America not on there? Abstaining for now.
I hope Iran nukes Israel off the map
Jew wealth is from thievery.
Wanna bet this knife attacker kneels on a carpet to pray to his God. The Officials and the media will describe him as a lunatic. I'll describe him as a muslim who pray's to a false profit. Time for a Crusade!
that's because the fucking kikes own Big Pharm but haven't found a way to control pot...yet. Once they do, pot will become a commodity for rich folks only. They will put GMO shit into our weed that makes us even bigger lemmings
I don't even want to THINK about what telegony does to homos. 
🔷 The waffler 
muslims werent different back then... the crusades happened before WW2, are you saying that the same muslims that massacred jews and christians before modern sjwism that they were the "good" muslims?
True...These White Girls...Have No Idea The Cultural Differences A Black Family Observes.... 
I'm pretty sure one could conceivably say something crazy enough even here that would have them getting that proverbial knock on the door. 
YEP mccain IS EVIL TRAITOR TRASH
Gab Is Getting Serous!!! 
#IslamIsTheProblem #StopIslam #StandWithIsrael Beta males would rather ISLAM take over just to get at the Jewish community. Can we say effing stupid. Grow up and go serve your country. Get a real world education, not one on social media.
lying piece of shit if you were lead counsel and got 1 bil in judgements  you would not owe theIRS 6.7 million in back taxes ,and by he way why the fuck aren t you in the slammer for tax evasion.so FUCK YOU ASS HOLE BUS CHASING SCUM.
Naturally, human rights don't actually exist, but this is something you can use to browbeat faggots with their own weaponry.
You know your talking about some serious Man shit when your talking about getting your wife pregnant.  
As a group they are attacking people based on BULLSHIT. Again. Sounds like a bunch group-thinking Socialist Libtards to me...
YHWY = ring of power to Judeo-Christians.
That's the problem with phony christians! You tried to explain to my ass? Wow! 
It doesn't matter that someone says the word nigger.
I don't have scan anything dude type in sissy boys into google and see what comes up might learn something LOL
I don't mind the occasional gas the kikes thrown in as long as it's satirical and makes me laugh a bit at their discomfort. 😎
Greeks have been around way before the black movement was around. Greeks taught them to say nigga....lol (thats how they call themselves not meant as a racial slurr...well their racial slurr.)
Man [homosexually] molests 15-year-old boy on Jumeirah beach in Dubai | Khaleej Times http://www.khaleejtimes.com/news/crime/man-molests/-15-year-old-boy-on-jumeirah-beach-in-dubai
How about Bush did 911
Has Her Genitalia been Mutilated and replace with a Lazer Weapon 💥❓  
Israel wins because of winning and Arabs "win" because of losing, or martyrdom.  I know which I prefer.  I'd rather the rest of the world stayed out of it, but the Muslims want to take over, and many Jews basically have.  If it's profitable, we should be involved, sadly.  If not, Israel wins.
I am glad he is in Commiefornia, I wouldn't want him anywhere near the US.
Tbh Iv spent time in Ireland and worked with them for years and I don't give a fuck if they live or die  🐰
Leader of the Judeo-Christian-Zionist megacult, John Hagee celebratin' with his owners in Israel.  
Just stop attacking Israel. We don't care if you fake it or really die! 
Hands down the best video that sums up the state of this fucking country.  
why are you posting those retarded pictures of almost completely rotten corpses? And what's up with this open mouth - insert dick here - theme? Are those dead soy-boys? Did someone told you those silly drawings look cool? Awww... they dont (unless you are <12). BTW, please fuck off to random direction.
Thanks to the HO (Obama), he imported thousands of Muslims, placed them in various places around the USA, pay them to breed like rabbits while the USA citizens support them with social services, all with the goal to outbreed and overtake the USA Gov't and replace with Sharia Law. The Holy Land Found. trial showed their 50 to 100 year plan. It is REAL FOLKS!!
Sure is tough blowing shit out of protesters throwing rocks 
numbnuts, it's not my fault you don't know what #Hasbara is. pink little israel agent @wirelessguru1‍  is running an old script. 1. Israel good. 2. Muslim bad. 3. Chemtrails harmless. Sound familiar? It's not my fault you're literally like the last person to be told #JewsDid911. Time to #DitchHasbara  http://www.rense.com/general86/hoccl.htm
Funny how only Jews commit justified murder.......they can kill, kill, kill anyone whom disagrees with their commie ideals. 
numbnuts, it's not my fault you don't know what #Hasbara is. pink little israel agent @FrauleinGermanAngst‍ is running an old script. 1. Israel good. 2. Muslim bad. 3. Chemtrails harmless. Sound familiar? It's not my fault you're literally like the last person to be told #JewsDid911. Time to #DitchHasbara  http://www.rense.com/general86/hoccl.htm
What’s good for Israel is good for the US. They hate the Palestinians, and they will gun them down as yesterday showed. The US should do the same thing. Their lesson is instructive.  The US has black lives matter… Which is the complete opposite of the truth. Frankly, There are very few black people, that can live side-by-side a white culture. They can’t compete with us, so they become criminals. 
What sort of white nationalist are you? 
Who gives a shit about some BABY DICK SUCKING POS JEWS? I don't.
Somali gang members crash wedding party, terrify guests in New Hampshire https://is.gd/kk25jk  
This violent, leftist POS had better be investigated for threats against POTUS. 
Cause you go "Jews did 9/11"
Fuck both of those morons, who gives a flying fuck about the UK royals, it’s not like they give a shit about anyone except themselves...
Only for me David,  I trained in Argentine Tango, where the man is expected to avenge insults to his lady  or child.
Letters??? Holy shit, I've been calling them squiggles for years... 
http://kek.gg/i/3g59p.png
I always like to lick his #cock clean after a nice #facial. #NSFW #TeamSmut
I don’t know what to be more amazed at: the agility of their tongues or their virtuosity at lying.
Why can't these laws be used to stop the giant Islamic mafia? Similar problems in Israel and elsewhere. How have we come to this point, where the law is used to protect those who don't believe in equality?
Stupid dindus, theres more slaves now than then!!
"Guest workers are more of a threat to our national security than Iran is. Leave aside the tens of thousands of  killed every year by Mexican heroin, illegal alien drunk drivers and straight-up murderers, whom the gov. refuses to count." 
I call them what they are, arabs. I don't know why so many people have a hard time calling them arabs. 
Mueller should be locked up with all his cronies for Treason against the People of the United States of America.
Adolf Hitler - A Champion For All Humanity 
Look at his belly ? Tell me how this makes you feel
six million jews have Never been holocausted in Europe 
https://youtu.be/qthSeeGcWn8  Why am I only just now learning about this guy? We should've seen this shit years ago.
mooooslims and da jews are both the lowest of the animal food chain they aspire to be shit dont elevate them
Seems more applicable to jews. Whites have nowhere to flee to this time as they slowly become 56, censored, disarmed. I don't consider that winning. Slowly losing makes more sense. I mean, we could flee to Antarctica if we had affordable tech that would make it possible.
Leads me to conclude this is been run from within . what if Q was not posting anymore because of commitments or was shutdown? Trump himself hates leaks look at his tweet about what he thinks of leakers? Was there ever  a Q or was it something that was used in the begining to unite and now is out of control. this is critical thinking WAKE UP
Twitter needs to be put before congress and grillwd just like facebook, but this time force them to be a platform or remove the freedoms liability theyve escaped since they're actually a publisher if they censor content they disagree with.
Muslims deserve this ... They are Sub Human cockroaches 
Simon didnt say touch your head, stupid, no virgins for you
See how this works? There isn't anything more fucked up than this. I think its time to really throw every single one of the motherfucker's out and begin fresh.
But the sad thing is that worthless, traitorous scumbags like these (including that malignant cunt Hillary Clinton), will get away with it; even with the irrefutable evidence. 
Don't scam them. That's like the rabbi spraypainting a swastika on his temple. Whites are better than that. Honor über alles.
President Trump had the audacity to call MS-13 gang members “animals”.  Can you believe that?  The “mainstream” media, is outraged.  In fact, Libtoads all across the land are in a frenzy over it. 
How is this different from 'stationing troops in the homes of Civilians'? I say: HELL NO...but then Ireland doesn't have a Bill of Rights or 3rd Amendment... since all Muslims are Soldiers of Allah, and :"It is the duty of every good Muslim to fight the Jihad with all means at his disposal, until the World bows down to Allah" - Quran
Just charge any employer (including hiring managers) who knowingly hires illegals for treason with the death penalty and complete nationalization of the company.
Saudi Money rules the Uk while Zionist Money runs the EU, we are in the middle of a shit sandwich
Shit...Its my phone isnt it?
So, Jews are THAT smart? Too smart to wear that cheap suit Patrick is always shown wearing. Does he shop David Duke's yardsales?
I would think your Sweden cops should be able to use their snipers and shoot those with flaming bombs in their hands. Till you crush the muslims they will never stop. muslims only understand force.
https://youtu.be/j7bmH3-3ulM  
If you want to piss off some Aussie mates... Until Australia sorts this out, you all can STFU about Gun Control, Politics in general, or anything else you may have an opinion on.  
#Moron #activist #Emma #Gonzalez: "You don’t need an #AR15 to protect yourself in bed from a robber at night. Go join the #Army if you want to have fun shooting off a #weapon. And serve your fucking #country" 
Why does a mayor have so much control? Oh, yeah, because he was voted in, and everybody is afraid to call him what he is, a muslim POS. 
If only we could simply rise up and kill every nigger and jew in America just like niggers did to whites in Haiti, but our police state is locked down pretty tight. 
🔥🔥🔥 
Because the Leftist complicit corporate mainstream media only advances approved narrative, to wit, "racism: and "genocide" can only affect POC; "white S. African's are not, so slaughtering them represents acceptable losses to the Left.
The demonic left, in their blind panic, is getting ever sloppier in their attempts to demonize the right. They can no longer maintain the lie that their nazi minions are right-wing, and their constant displays of laughable ignorance betray their ham-fisted attempts to concoct a bogus right-wing hate narrative. The nazi reaction should be entertaining.
Eugenics would stop school shootings...just saying... 
Sheeeiiit maan iz culd in #Sweden weez jus tryin ta stay wallm
look at this shit, I havent mentioned palestine once.  neurotic judaic screeching
Panicked Weiner Dumped His Laptop & Phones to Private Investigator before FBI Raid; Who Else Has The Hillary Files? https://truepundit.com/panicked-weiner-dumped-his-laptop-who-else-has-the-hillary-files/
Hey you don’t like pork loin and tequila get tha fuck back to your shit hole Islamic country then 🖕🏼👳🏾‍♂️ I like the way they treat the savage filthy islamists over there 😂😂😂 https://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/asia/china-re-education-muslims-ramadan-xinjiang-eat-pork-alcohol-communist-xi-jinping-a8357966.html
I was actually disciplined quite badly for covering a school book quite absent mindedly at 12 yrs old with swastikas and Crosses serpents that kinda stuff but more so about he swastikas and SS shit.. I was given a really long talking to. Not whipped or beat by my dad .. I felt shame afterwards... I loved my upbringing.. Taught me a lot.
LMFAO trannyposting is why i'm here.
Trust the experts. 
Is that spot the neck biting? Or finding your clit?
The drug culture is an way that niggers get their foot in the door. Our poor town is getting overwhelmed by nigger lovers, all of them pushing a baby carriage with another little nigger holding onto it. . Not a male nigger in sight. The baby carriage is a way to transport the drugs from one spot to another. The nigger lover believes no one would check a baby.
Elite Now Bragging About Using Penis Skin Taken from Babies to Make Their Faces Look Younger – GOV'T SLAVES http://govtslaves.info/2018/05/elite-now-bragging-about-using-penis-skin-taken-from-babies-to-make-their-faces-look-younger/
This is the kind of junk that passes for literature these days...😯 "Harry Potter" really!?! What a cluster! 
Outstanding!! Put that nigger in its place. Keep those eyes down, nigger.
They don't want more women in science. They just want to destroy whatever they see as a boy's club.
Nig nog bum protecting the finger lickin chicken
This is a retarded story/question. You see there is this tribe in Africa where women wear rings around their necks to make it longer bit by bit. But what if your child identifies as a hamster, do you give him two plastic balls to put in his mouth to stretch his cheeks a bit, then bigger balls and so on till he can fit a whole bunch of walnuts in his mouth?
They are intoxicated or mentally retarded
leads to violence? no, severely mentally ill people, who believe their not the gender they were born with, who are doxxing innocent business owners. hopefully this fucking freak becomes a statistic. their offing themselves rate is somewhere around 50% , luckily
bingo. Shitskins will not only shoot you, they will enjoy it.
Ouch his dick is too big.  https://youtu.be/Q8ZjpSTR-Lg
http://www.bestgore.com/murder/palestine-teen-shot-israel-sniper-during-unarm-protest/ 
the nigger part was funny
Another big fail for Trump. China shows him his place. He backs from shit talking tariffs and trade war. Idiot supporters bought into Trump's " tough talk". All he's good for is shit twitting. Another promise broken. Next stop- failure with NKorea. He's the original swamp
More crap from the Satanic Jews... 
Trust me, I'm in as much awe of all the good and powerful things Nazi Germany achieved as the next (naughty thought criminal) guy, even as a mestizo, but it's an ideology best allowed to rest in peace.
http://www.breitbart.com/video/2018/05/20/bernie-sanders-pathetic-trump-gop-dont-have-the-guts-to-stand-up-to-the-nra/ #BarnieSandals Trump WON by NOT standing up to the NRA. Fuck off Bernie. #NoRefunds
https://www.reddit.com/r/sjwhate/comments/7ry72c/are_sjws_mentally_ill_or_just_cowards/  
If by kikes you mean anti-white/anti-christian jews, I would love to see them dead. As for you fucking purity spiralers wanting to kill every last person with a tint of jewish dna, I would say you can go to hell.
Fuck outta here troll. You're trolling the wrong Goys.  BELIEVE me 😁
I want an itemized receipt for the taxes I pay. At least when you donate to charity they will give you a picture of the African family you support.
Yatzie, those days are gone, sadly we  are stuffed, we have now Burkas hijabs and Barbarians all over the place, we need arevolution and start thining them out IMMEDIATELLY
You do know if she saw that it would make her happy, right? Progressives think they're down with the brown, this only encourages them. To quote a line from the Dave Chapel Show "They called us niggers, ALRIGHT!"
If there is an uprising which I think there will be. You morons will be the first ones put in chains. All for the Muh White Race Man.
this pig has to be forced to do what he is doing ,no pig in it s right mind would fuck a mussie
The Jews do it for the “TIPS”🤔😆
The whitest shows I watch these days are Japanese anime...The Japanese seem to be the only people who still think white skin and blue eyes are awesome.
For me pet birds are 'too's 'tiels and parrots. Lol 
You are a member of the Communinst party in the 50s in Russia and Cuba in the 60s who also got purged for simply existing which was precieved as a threat to the status quo. 
Actually that mentally ill fag Bruce Jenner is simply that, a retarded mentally ill faggott.
The Chinese are one race but they are still racist against darker skin Chinese. They call them niggers.
Wouldn't that be interfering with another countries election? Just like he tried to fuck over Trump.
This guy cannot be serious🤦🏻‍♂️NO FUCK BASIS?you Fucken kidding me?but trump can be up to his eyeballs in people investigating his campaign?!??what planet does this moron live on? http://www.breitbart.com/big-government/2018/05/21/eric-holder-warns-dangerous-for-trump-to-demand-doj-probe-2016-campaign-surveillance/
California, the 2018 elections WE MUST GET RID OF: Maxine Waters, Gavin Newsom, Nancy Pelosi, Jerry Brown, the worst people in the United States!
Whoops. Is this why google had to remove "dont be evil"? Pretty sure identifying anon rape victims is top tier shithead 
kikes are liars and thieves.
David Lammy ranting about crime in london being all about 'eastern European gangs' 
I think Netflix is different than network TV.  Sure, the Obamas' may produce a show that's every bit as good as his phoney baloney birth certificate, but one has to actively go to watch it.  If you opt not to watch it, you never have to see it.
Yo moondoogie I don't drink...I do smoke the DOPE I am a170lbs of lean mean White CRACKER fighting machine.  Haven't drank in years. No beer belly bro but an itchy trigger finger for sure
THE PLOY WAS TO INSERT A BT IN THIS CONCILORS PLACE AND MAKE ME GET SO ANGRY I ACTED UPON IT... IM A HARD CUNT AND IM KIND AGGRESSIVE BUT I AINT BATTERING SOME CUNT ON THE INTERNET FOR SHIT TALKING ME... LOL... TIRBA? THOUGHT ID BUY IT,, NO SALE
This, #GabFam, is what is called a "bombshell".
This was a huge win for the Left. Not only have they destroyed a sacred patriarchal institution, but within a week of doing so, they're already using it to sexualize children. When they start making a big deal about teaching them consent, prepare for the push on pedosexuality.
if yo could sift the unreformably criminal and the mentl illnesses that need serious management out of your residents? 
Fucking Jew, Jew, Jew, Jew, LOL 😂 I love saying Jew! Jew bitch, Jew fagg, Jew pedophile, etc, etc! Add the word Jew to it and it automatically becomes derogatory! 😂
They are extremely simple. 
Damn Judge. Here I was hoping that you would shoot them for being Stupid. 
The true irony here.... 
MUELLER will soon find himself behind bars as will ROSENSTEIN. TRAITORS FOR MUSLIM OBAMA AND KILLARY CLINTON.
1) Words have been hijacked.  The people who call themselves "Christian" or "Jew", or what you're labeling "Abrahamism", don't keep a single law of The Creator God found in the Bible  NONE, they're all Babylonian Mystery Religion Civil Law Corporate persons, civilians (which happens to be the etymology of pagan: civilians)...cont 2.
BIG BROTHER is an ass.    https://www.technocracy.news/warning-keep-amazons-alexa-away-from-your-kids/
WOW  WTF. Fucking police a government institutions complicit in this demonic evil. This explains a multitude in regard to increase in crime and other issues. This institutional cancer can only be cut out in one way and its not peaceful protest
Notice how the same leftists crying about Trump telling rally-goers to punch anyone throwing tomatoes are a-okay with throwing water on someone. 
Black 'females' .... doing their part to ensure that everyone gets their very own collection of STDs including full blown AIDS!
Molon Labe. 
"oh cool a new follower....fuck, its a cam whore"
ha , sorry,  I was going by the picture and a crappy cell phone service - that's not bad,  I'd allow my gf to wear that of its any consolation.   do you have an online store?
MGTOW is the premise that men should demand unconditional surrender from women, not negotiate with them 
Left: What CNN puts in the headline, knowing most people don't actually read the article.
Are you going to argue the facts of JK's perjury case? Nobody saw the 1st year law student mistake of not proving venue coming. Kessler got off on a technicality. So what?
This young lady may be the real deal. I hope so. Danica was a joke(and a total bitch). 
Prussians hated that Austrian/Jewish homosexual shit
Now to the name calling. As to implying that Reformed types are not Christians, I did not come to your profile to say that you were not part of the elect (though your nasty attitude toward Reformed thought and your Judeophilia would make me question whether you are). Regardless of your standing with Christ, perhaps you should at least learn some manners.
Andrew Torba brought up one of them talking about fighting at the Bull Statue in NYC on Wall St. "Go Full Brevik" or something like that was his name. I left a link to this post under Torba's asking people to read it. Of course before considering doing stupid shit in the street that makes us look bad. I'm proud that GABstapo is against that shit. Please take a few minutes and read. 
Maybe now Tommy will realize kissing Jew ass is a fools errand. Tommy reaches millions of people and he won't ever tell his audience who is behind the Muslim invasion.
Human trafficking in South Africa Was hillary part of it?
Invite goat fuckers in, expect goat fucker problems.
How does MURDER make you free???
nothing will be done those bastard will buy 70,000 dollar desk and fuck the American people like always
Leave Africans in Africa, if hey take a boat, easy Boom Boom, or take bac k and disable it
So there's zero difference between Primative Early Humans and Modern Humans? 
3 Canadian Officer-Cadets from Royal Military College are being expelled for defiling a Qur'an...by jerking off onto it. 
Who the fuck uses cruise control anyways?
we Live under ZOG.. 
#NSFW #porn #erotica #girls #sexy #TeamSmut #TeamSlut #homemovies #picture#panties #milf #cuckold  
They must be pissed at not being the scariest freaks out there, anymore. They should go after halal shit.
https://www.americancommitment.org/content/democrats-repeal-first-amendment 
Tommy Robinson is a Zionist shill, his 'arrest' is a smoke and mirrors act and he will come to no harm in prison. Indeed it's highly unlikely that he will even set foot in a prison, even though the MSM will claim that he's locked up.
This is one of the many reasons my wife and I don't watch nigger ball.
I'm sure Jesus wouldn't object to the occasional topless or nude shot, as long as it's kept tasteful. Maybe just steer clear of anal fisting and horsecock dildos. 
Democrats are a cancer to the Republic!!  Domestic enemies every single one of them.  Traitors, perverts, communist scum!! 
I can't believe they aired it, even if it was live they would have seen it going sour and ran something else. It's as if they are unaware of how shallow and ignorant they are.
When Israel is destroyed, the entire world will celebrate. 90% of the wars will pretty much just end. No one needs, wants, or likes jews anymore. They suck shit and are nothing but problems.
Why is Adam Schiff acting like he is terrified of what @JulianAssange might tell Congress? 
NEVER VOTE FOR ANYONE that is governed by Islam
Janah 7 🌐#TeamSmut🌐 
Foreign? WTF!!! He's Mooslime dumbasses!
I dunno what "Crack" is? Is that a nickname for white whore? 
Watch: Tommy Robinson "State tries to get me killed because I oppose Islam" - He was jailed in a cage with Muslim murderers 
Beware of soy boys who want to take your guns.
Talk about the pot calling the kettle black! Stephen King is the creepiest looking guy out there. Plus he’s a  social retard.
send his ass to judge Judy
So some asshole vandals destroyed this Texas war memorial, shattering the stones that had the names of the dead carved upon them.  Bet you it was some #liberal #antifa #sjw #regressive types.  
Child abuse. 
Super Pochaco Life-Sized Ass Mousepad Pre-Orders Open
Meanwhile, you have discredited yourself by handing your balls to Anglin and Peinovich and letting them shove their hands elbows deep up your ass to control your advocacy. 
Scene at the Nursing Home 
I can say nigger if I want too! I am not a Libtard, who thinks that it is wrong.  As long as I am paying taxes to support those lazy fucking niggers, then that's exactly what I will call them. 
Creepy, you need to focus on another pet, I think.
Face it. America is a shit hole country that doesn't even care enough about its own children to actually make efforts to keep them safe. You can fuck off now.
Oh FFS, do you think she is a man hating #feminazi? 
Damn, looks like you ran into a real live asshole! Methinks your assessment is correct.
Hung. 
“I’m mentally ill, having mutilated my own genitals because I cannot accept how God made me. You should absolutely take my opinions on politics seriously.” 
I have a solid radar for deception and see how you offer no proof of any claim you make while pushing unsubstantiated accusations, speculation, and disinfo as fact. You're fucking see through. If Gab goes down the Alt-Right goes down with it and I know you're smart enough to see that. 
if we're not murdering employees of the federal government we arent making change
They were ineffective before Charlottesville. 
"The impression which I often get, especially of those so-called religious reformers whose creed is grounded on ancient Germanic customs, is that they are the missionaries and protégés of those forces which do not wish to see a national revival taking place in Germany." - Adolf Hitler, Mein Kampf, Vol. 1, Ch. 12 
What a joke he is, I was hoping he would stand up to the appeaser May. Send emails to them all saying we aren’t going to vote conservative any more, they only care about power, they don’t like it if it’s taken away.
I wonder what @Eric_StrikerDS‍ thinks of this appearance. 
Exterminate this vile Islamic vermin... 
Alex Jones' LARPer, "Zach" is doxxed.   
Trump thinks America Great AGAIN
'Mueller Probe Is Unconstitutional' Under Article II 
who cares? as an irish immigrant a couple of generations back i kinda like seeing england eat a little shit.
Almost 1 of every 4 human beings is retarded, pedophile, terrorist, incestious, sadist, delusional or just crazy. 
ehhh nah the way you milked your dad isn't gonna work on me. i recommend you do your kegels to tighten up that grand canyon pussy if you want to make me cum. and yes you are to keep your heels on, since everyone knows the bottom of your feet looks like the sidewalk in time square
‘Large numbers of inherited (genetic) mistakes—i.e. mutations—are known which affect respiratory function, virtually all harmful. Not a single beneficial one, let alone one which adds any information, has been described in relation to the respira­­tory system.‘ https://creation.com/the-breath-of-life
McVeigh was a total patsy. Ever think about Ruby killing (supposedly) Oswald? Who the fuck assassinates someone by shooting him in the stomach? And inside a police station of all places? The way the cops react looks phony - like they were expecting it & it was a stunt. Even Oswald's reaction looks phony!
yeah.... I dropped them when the cucked to the 9th Circuit..... last year!
I you don't like it here. GO SOMEWHERE ELSE. NOTBODY"S TWISTING YOUR ARM AND MAKING YOU STAY. IF facebootk and twitter are so great, GO BACK THERE. WE DON'T NEED YOU HERE.
A tangled web of low life's masqueradering as upstanding business and political leaders. Time to pull off the sheep's clothing as see the wolves as they really are.
@shawnsjames @BillCosby Of course not, Bill Cosby came under attack for calling out pathological deviant behavior amoung the Afro American Negro, this a sin in the eyes of white liberals no one is allowed to attack their cash cow, deviant Negoes
Must be an entirely neurotic snowflake twit to be traumatized by a tweet from Roseanne.  http://www.breitbart.com/big-hollywood/2018/05/29/hollywood-reacts-to-roseanne-barrs-valerie-jarrett-tweet-millions-are-traumatized/?utm_source=newsletter&utm_medium=email&utm_term=daily&utm_content=links&utm_campaign=20180529
Why don't you post the DSM section on Aspergers (High Functioning Autism)? 
So Jewish Roseanne is back tracking to "I was on Ambien!".I thought she was a tough woman, right, cuz all women are tough right? No? O well, I didnt give a fuck about her anyway.
metapedia org got Jewed. Can someone help with an searchable archive?
ATTENTION! 
The fatty white girl was called up from the audience by the nigger to sing the nigger song which has nigger in it repeatedly and then he accuses her of racism.  That really is nigger behavior.
Aboriginal ✅
George Orwell WROTE about jew demons, you hatchet faced shriveled kike parasite.  @essexgirl
This didn't take long to pop out. 
It's a shame we stopped bombing you. Die soon, there's a good little faggot.
When you call the president's daughter a cunt, you loose the narrative. All anyone will remember is that you are a hate filled, ugly bitch. What were you talking about Samantha?
More black teens should end up like Trayvon aka "St. Skittles."
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L8LIHZDfmFM you know Europe has been pushed to the brink when Germans have to resort to humour to cope with the insanity.
Free Weekend - Train Simulator 
Just look at the arrogant evil in his gaze.
What the fuck? 
niggers destroy everything they touch.
Target Acquired -  
See, that's part of the problem. Image. If these guys would simply NOT go out of their way to look like total douchebags, more people would probably take them seriously. 
Britain is OUT OF TIME my friend.  Soon, they will TRULY resemble a 3rd World shithole, making Sweden look like a paradise. 
Thing is, only white folk tend to get excited about venturing into the unknown. That's why it's such a "white space".
The Bambi Molesters - Bikini Machines 
So if obesity kills way more people each year than guns do and the govt knows this, there can be really only one other reason the govt is  pushing gun control so hard. Here's a cute pic while you chew that over.
There is no such thing and #Islamophobia, it's a made up word to try and silence people who question or criticize #Islam.
Pay your child support you fucking deadbeat.
I DON'T CARE ABOUT THIS LADY'S STUPID MEME! 
Having anyone think...for that matter is a threat to the libtards.
If someone said this about a leftist the left would want them drawn and quartered/  Samantha Bee Defends Calling Ivanka Trump a 'C**t' at TV Academy Awards http://www.breitbart.com/big-hollywood/2018/06/01/samantha-bee-defends-calling-ivanka-trump-a-ct-at-tv-academy-awards/
Sorry Not Sorry: Samantha Bee Tells Hollywood Elites the Criticism of Her Calling Ivanka Trump a C*nt "Was Overblown" https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2018/06/sorry-not-sorry-samantha-bee-tells-hollywood-elites-the-criticism-of-her-calling-ivanka-trump-a-cnt-was-overblown/
Geez this oh your anti free market shit is shit these free market morons dont understand shit about global economic reality only thier yaron brooks wet dream falsehood. You want a free market go to yard sales, only place it can currently exist.
Take your Dad’s dick out of your mouth, no one can understand you...
Its the "holy" days for murdering isalmists... around the world rape, murder, beheadings, and all sorts of unspeakable violence are taking place 
That man/woman or IT is a Jewish supremacist who rants like a mad man.
WHO is harmed by the President's policies?? The moron media/progressives keep screaming about being hurt by America First policies! Who is being hurt?  
And they suck baby penises. Disgusting
Shocking! A jew defending another jew! Who’d have thought? 
He's a circus side show. There were people in the 70's that did that for a living that were much more attractive than this ass hat.
STUNNING! MSNBC Host Joy Reid Agreed with Ahmadinejad that Israel Should Be Ethnically Cleansed of Jews https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2018/06/stunning-msnbc-host-joy-reid-agreed-with-ahmadinejad-israel-should-be-ethnically-cleansed-of-jews/ via @gatewaypundit
True racism is thinking that all races are equal.
the dead kennedy's didn't give a shit about race. hence the song.
The libs are scared of a free thinking African American community
Let's give Muslims the choice to convert to a real religion of peace, and if they do not, deport them to a Muslim country. This is a war and the West is getting its butt kicked by these savages and their traitorous left wing allies, and the #NWO  
Brilliant! 
Wouldn't have even been news if it wasn't another Jewish victim to push.
Is this asshole even a real citizen ?
Soros is a felon and need to be in jail, assuming Ole Sparky can't be fired up. Soros is spending HUGELY on the Alameda County CA and Contra Costa DA races. He is running total commies, who want to open the prisons and fill them with white people.
When I had a hernia he put my cock in an arm sling
Can you say chicken shit country?
What do you expect in a state that elected Terri McAliffe to be gov? The dense, in both senses, libtards around DC and Hampton Roads would elect a stump. I think this clown is in center of state so there is hope. Remember, we did get Brat into congress.
Black people are so marginalized that Rosanne loses her show because she tweeted something that can remotely, sort of be interpreted as racist. Kind of. If you squint. And lie.  If racism is prejudice + power, white people can't be racist.
Good for you taking your children out of the communist school indoctrination system! That was a wise decision. Our oldest went 2public school bcuz they were still safe, however 10yrs later with the youngest in the late 80's/early 90's we ended up putting the youngest thru private Christian school. It was the BEST DECISION EVER!
WTF happened with Buffalo Wild Wings twitter?
We will not be silenced. Fuck you #Twitter & Facebook #Liberal thugs are the scum of the earth.
Also, the government gives the  money to open stores in the hood. A guy from the hood stands outside the store selling CDs, which have a mark on them that allows them to be exchanged for drugs. We are being destroyed from within.
Then, he slobbed a negro schlong and got stank breath.   
That is true, the UK is not the UK anymore its a shithole that is awful to live in.
I agree.  I got tattooed when i was 12 and then had those covered up professionally when I was 16.  Regret every one. 
If you haven’t read this pathetically weak jew’s description of firing an ar-15, you must. It is hilarious. 
i don't know CUCKER. Maybe you should stop sucking off the kikes at (((fox))) and make your own show, in which millions of people will literally watch it. could you imagine cucker coming out as a white nationalist? the amount of positive that could do....it would be a dream come true
Nigerian anchor baby looking for his very own slave.
It’s not racist what so ever to want cleaner, hygienic practices in a civilised nation.
nah im happy with killing shitskin babys lol
@Paul104‍ You need to stop drinking the jewlade. NSDAP is not even close to Islam. There are many similarities between Islam and Judaism for instance. You sound ignorant by the way.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nouMKjKOBC0 
I'm not an american you silly fucking cunt. 
THIS whatever it is under the sheet and more worryingly what it may be hiding under the sheet has probably been GIVEN FULL BRITISH CITIZENSHIP by a corrupt Government who are “locked in” to the NEW WORLD ORDER  
I get it. You just want to name call. Very well, it allows me victory by default. Pity, we both might have learned something but obviously you don't want to learn and grow- you want to pitch a fit and throw vulgar insults. I hope you are young enough to change. I even hope for those two twats, Emma & Hogg.
I totally feel sorry for heterosexual women. I sure as hell wouldn't wanna suck a cock. I feel your pain.
nigger lovers will corrupt and pollute the White gene pool. Race mixers should be subjected to the harshest of shaming. The should be shunned and turned away from white society. There's a special place in hell for the nigger lover.
Why isn't this worthless prick in Jail yet???
John B Wells just did an interview (5/18/2018 - with CBTS no-less)... His father walked out of the 33rd Degree Initiation when they had him make an Oath to Lucifer. Luciferians are seeking God-Hood, not service to GodHead.. even #Christ - who healed the sick & knew the hearts of mean & considered by many AS God.. was found many times on His knees praying to God The Father..| Drawing a parallels to Masons, Secret Societies, & demonic powers & principals - all of which fail to exhibit this undying Service to God's plan - replacing it with their own. It seems ridiculous that one would understand that took eons to form stars, galaxies, and this planet, yet think in the course of 50 years to possess wisdom enough to replace the Eternal Divine Plan with a Monkey's. 
WOH! 
'Democrats constantly preach about diversity and racial harmony, but they do more damage with their vilification than with their destructive policies, and that's saying something.' #FabricatedRacism
Full of what kid? You are the one claiming underhand activity so man up and show the evidence. Or could it be that you are just a liar?
nobody takes that fucking trash seriously
FUCKING NAZIs HERE A FEW THEY LOCK UP
<3stooges>Knockoff? Knockoff? Why I'll murderize 'em!</3stooges>
Staying at home gets her raped as well.
hahahahah  now that is Jews fault !!!! go fuck yourself  idiot !!
I wonder why women would embrace an "evil" ideology that would have their status diminished. 
Oh you know all the Nazi's names eh, you stupid NAZI FAGGOT.  Go suck this big black cock NAZI.  LOL.  Shit for Brains.
Another reminder that Britain's establishment is fucking stupid beyond the point of saving; 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mirL15zZYNc  
The fact that a baby has a beating heart at a very early stage in it's development is inconvenient to the narrative that our a leftist ghouls would have their sheeple beleave!  IMHO
And you’re a bitter lesbian basement dweller whom no man in his right mind would touch with a ten foot pole, who spends too much time talking with her own skanky orifice.
SEE YOU CANNOT READ OR UNDERSTAND ENGLISH... EAT SHIT MUSLIM FILTH AND DO NOT REPLY.... WOULD HATE TO MUTE AS CONSIDER INTELLIGENT CONVERSATION WORTHWHILE BUT YOU ARE NOT 
This is almost as scary as Pocahontas Warren running for POTUS  🤣😃😂 
https://www.puppetstringnews.com/blog/former-navy-seal-craig-sawyers-v4cr-team-uncovers-underground-child-trafficking-operation-in-arizona-desert Former NAVY SEAL Craig Sawyer's V4CR team uncovers underground child trafficking operation in Arizona desert
Uncle Ethan will use his space Nazi powers to bake this fraudulent little twerp in a giant yellow oven.
Since we voted leave nearly 500,000 more people have come to the UK. Half of them Africans on EU passports. Something will give soon. History teaches us there will be a tipping point. And violence will ensue. I truly believe this.
Bill Clintons mouth spews toxic waste constantly what a fuckin ass clown he is folks.
These "Gals" do not represent anyone but themselves!
Here’s an example of how bad FaceCuck is. I posted this meme specifically to test whether FaceCuck would take it down, and stated that in the post. Four minutes later, down it went. Apparently any picture with Adolf Hitler in it, no matter the context, is strictly forbidden. 
Fake news. The gun didn't magically go off when it fell from his holster. This FBI fuck up shot the guy when he picked his gun up from off the ground.  #FakeNews #NegligentDischarge  https://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-44349521
Good Morning Maniac Message From 
Fuck that..Id bury them with a bag of garden lime.  No mess, no fuss.
Trump: I have the right to pardon myself http://thehill.com/homenews/administration/390516-trump-i-have-the-right-to-pardon-myself
KICK THEIR FUCKING MOZLEM ASSES !! 
Reason #29675 not to do it. You kids will probably be mentally fucked up!
Hey Douche Rocket - wake the fuck up - it’s well known that everybody who was/is anybody wanted their picture taken with Trump - so they could have their moment - do you really think Trump is the one running around asking for photos..?? 
The notice they sent me said I was using hate speech! So in the eyes of the FB morons,, saying a Ape is not a muzzy, is hate speech????????
I wonder if it was the shouting 'white pussies' while hitting them with golf clubs and crowbars that tipped to the police off to a 'hate crime' 
Oh yeah...might be the gayest thing you've ever heard, but not the gayest thing you've ever seen.
Next stop: NO ABORTION ON DEMAND FOR ANYONE. 
Naw, NJ Liberals love having a pedophile and criminal represent their values.
Understandable, it's  seems like the whole thing is a crap shoot.
Some seem to be closer than others considering all the, "muh dick" responses I get.
Yet #Labour are biggest supporters of religion of paedophilia & bestiality 
lmfao I'd end up laughing during it. I swear i'm going to be fired one day for laughing about diversity and inclusion 
I don't think you get it.  That is a great article and, personally, until they started shoving it down our throats and insisting that we take GOD out of EVERYTHING, I didn't care one way or the other. Live and let live.  But that wasn't enough. It became gay pride, gay parades and the nightmare that was san francisco in the 1980s (I lived there and the AIDS epidemic was horrifying). When you cannot just live your life, but insist THAT EVERYONE AROUND YOU EMBRACE your lifestyle, then it is no longer an expression of freedom, but rather another expression of despotism:  accept us or else!  I say fuq that.  Imagine if we even SUGGESTED heterosexual pride month?  But we don't because WE DON'T NEED ANYONE'S APPROVAL.
Fucking foreigner.  I don't deal with people that can't speak proper English.
Trump should listen to what this member of the Armed Forces has to say. Maybe Trump would not act so Authoritarian.
Not a single damn clue what I posted, but whatever Instagram, you commie bunch of cowards.
LOVE! Love for America Love for Americans. It is love Obama, you Muslim dung pile a homosexual such as yourself would not know it could not understand it.
Why do normal, civilized countries want to become retarded Islamic nations?
Yet you keep replying long after I stopped. I am going to post some links for you that I'm sure you won't have the guts to watch anyway, but here you go. 
Jeremy "for the many not the Jew" Corbyn calling for investigation into "islamophobia" in the UK Conservative party - what a fucking joke! Bloody hypocrite!
#Q #QAnon #TheGreatAwakening 
Inspiring meme!  Beautiful thing is many Blacks have bravely shown their insight. That is a very encouraging movement that Sisters Diamond and Silk, Pastor Burns, Black churches...have lonely started during presidential campaign in supporting President Trump.  PRAY GOD BLESS AMERICA BE WISE and SAFE!!
Believe me, if you're a white woman, you're also shit out of luck. Even the woman card won't get you anywhere because they always demand a 2nd card along w/ that involving race or some other preferred agenda. Other than a drink in a bar or help w/ a broken down car, I've never gotten anything just for being a woman, though I have been denied jobs & such for being so.
Who cares what this weirdo thinks or supports?
By u waiting 18 hrs to respond to my reply, you must be an European troll, most likely UK.  Sounds as a sore loser to me, "everyone"!:) Enjoy mosloms taking over, all will have no cake for weirdos' weddings and all have no bacon sandwich!:) Enjoy ur new life. In America, as a country found on "religious" freedom, many of us, non-libREtards are still value decency.
@PNN this looks like a shitty imitator, way too jew-friendly, they link to a different and no-activity account on gab. You aren't back on the dead bird, correct?
Every gibbering retard that yaks about the merits of "gaming women" in response to our disastrous socio-sexual environment is only slightly more useful than the spree killer beta. 
A truly stone age society. This is what happens when a bunch of tent-dwelling tribes are suddenly made rich.
Of course the study did not find long term effects, but do you have confidence that parents are disciplining children all the way to being adults with manners and compassion? Are children not sponges (reflect what they learn)? The answer is no, since that is so, they carry these wild attitudes IN ADDITION with the "enhancement" of gaming interfaces.
many whites are too stupid to put two and two together, when they virtue signaling leftist twits finally do, thier country will have been taken from their grandchildren That's ok though, "at least i'm not racist!" they say,. one cannot teach stupid.
Word a few years ago was the Mossad had a sex tape of Clinton's with underage girls on Epsteins fantasy island. Wish Netanyahu would give that to Trump's attorneys.
Images for pubeless david hogg
allah likes it in the ass
Porn stars aren't really people, unless they're also people in some other sense, or move on from that lifestyle.  Prostitutes and sluts are people.
NEVER get involved with a Muslim. The most hateful ideology in existence. They make the KKK look like angels.
I'll do my part! and without the division of the votes, we may overtake that 2-faced hypocrite, newsom 
I've never seen the sense in the #swimsuitcompetition. If women are to be judged purely on looks, then it makes sense, but then why bother with asking them questions? Just to give the #MissAmerica gig some credibility? 
SUCK CITY 
Neither of you two fu**s are getting out of what you did. The population is not gonna let you two traitors walk. NO DAM DEALS FOR TRAITORS!
A motive is a reason not a how. 
> A guy at my work hired a black woman and a pajeet woman instead of many more capable white men  
The kike supporters must be paid by the hour. Can't they at least mention how great White America used to be before Jewish propaganda spread the lies of a holocaust, while ignoring the hundred million Whites under Jewish Communism were murdered in a few decades? 
I think ppl like us dont care about shit like that #WeGotBiggerProbs and a #BiggerPlan to roll out
Dear Teresa May (Skanky heifer)  
I work at a grocery store and see this all the time. What really pisses me off is that all are able bodied white people. We need to eliminate EBT/SNAP cards (what used to be food stamps) unless a family really needs it as short term help.
The plump professor who was an FBI operative, was arrested in 1994 for cocaine possession. Funny, the entire matter disappeared. It's who you know.
EXACTLY! 
You delusional fuckup Hitler never flooded his country with other nations You kike c....t
Just one more organization to throw on the trash heap!
“Islamophobia is a word made up by fascists and used by cowards to manipulate morons" C.Hitchens
For any of you who live in Niggerville, this is probably more effective than a Taser (go to 08:30) 
I’m all for Jews looking after their people and Country (Israel). 
I dont know why everyone sees Hitler as some type of War Guru  That stupid nigger lost and history repeats itself Trying to invade in winter with no proper equipment  and I dont support Churchill or Roosevelt's communism we had to live with  They were all fucking stupid    Hey LARP against the left fine  But when push comes to shove you aint doing shit. Remember that
What a douche bag... Btw...
California to Fine Citizens Using Over 55 Gallons of Water as Nestlé Pumps Billions of Gallons for Free 
We haven’t had capitalism since the 30’s.
Black Mother Kills Four Daughters, Lives With Mummified Bodies For Months http://camelotdaily.com/black-mother-kills-four-daughters-lives-with-mummified-bodies-for-months/
Dick was only promoted to that position , because she doesn't have one ! :)
Facebook doesn't care about your security. This is worse than incompetence. Is it too expensive to hire a real test engineer? 
"Islam is an Antichrist Religion" 
Yaaaaaaay.  Cranky Brit faggot who wanted to poison President Trump.  Yaaaaaaaay, now he's a good Brit faggot.  May he burn in hell.
Just a strange observation... In the history of the United States, did anyone on the Right, publicly state -- "Black Lives Don't Matter," prior to the BLM movement? I mean, the whole idea kind of hangs upon itself if there was never a reverse statement made right? I mean, I never heard a right wing spokesperson state, "No Jim, black lives do not matter."
Oh yeah dude the Clintons killed Kate Spade. Jimmy Hoffa too. And my grandmother and grandmother.
Reminds you of Shrillary, wearing the pantsuits in a myriad of colors. Sociopaths unite!
Culture hates itself. I agree, "we dont believe in redemption"...All we do is "forgive" people the cuck christian way.
He Sorros is an insult and disgrace to the Human race
It was definitely a waste of your time in searching it out and posting it. "Breaking News: Let's Continue to be Pussies"   JFC
That makes the dumbest social statement I can think of. Shove a flag pole up.. Butt oh wait. :))
You are extremely naive if you actually believe that. You cannot ban what goes on in a persons mind. You are speaking of a fascist intolerant world akin to islam political ideology. "Stamping it out at the root" says all I need to know about you. You are muted.
Part 2 of 2. Breitbart is mainstream zionist-shilling pieces of shit. 
Will this be just another "Dog and Pony Show" like Comey's email investigation ? How many Dem Committee people will lie and take a hit to protect #Hillary and #Wasserman? http://a.msn.com/01/en-us/AAypQtD?ocid=st
IF THE BRITISH PEOPLE DO NOT REVOLT AGAINST THE GLOBALIST IN THEIR GOVERNMENT THEN UK WILL BE A MUSLIM COUNTRY IN 10 YEARS
https://youtu.be/adHdw3EdgA8  You really MUST learn how vaccines and health care is to destroy us!! It is killing us. Yes, HEALTH CARE is killing us!! Hospitals kill the most people, by false diagnoses and medical errors, with unnecessary medical tests, and poisonous medications, containing harmful additives which cause more pain and illness as side effects. Your doctors are not trained to cure you, but to keep the treatment and operations continuing. 
those who see Melania Trump in a negative light because of media are lower mental cats
The last 30 mass shooters have been liberal democrats on or just off SSRIs, go figure. Almost seems like it was planned that way.
Plenty of half-witted leftist Jews (obviously with suicidal tendencies) around. However, the lack thereof won't stop the terminal cancer known as Islam Bucko...
Bourdain was an anti white anti West lowlife fucking cunt... Pure leftist trash, probably couldn't handle the fact that all the spin and propaganda on Trump is doing fuck all, and that the progressive utopia (1984) which Obama almost implemented and Clinton was to finish is falling apart.. 
I also want all non-whites out of White lands.  I believe my ancestors who helped build White nations, kingdoms and empires would agree.
.And Fuck your lame ass logo also you fuckin homos!
McCain joins Democrats in supporting tariffs on American products but none on foreign imports. They rabidly support gutting America's manufacturing base & turning small town America into nothing but ghost towns. These treasonous weasels hate America. They want us weak & easy to defeat. How do they get a SINGLE vote in America anymore? 
Look at the Jan 2017 and then 2018 video from Soros in Davos.  Same clothes and same words.  So did he die in 2017?  Of course his $$$ in a trust where the sons can still use it for evil!
re always outraged, they have been outraged for the last 1400 years and I personally do not give a f.. if they are outraged! Jerusalem is the capital of Israel and they better get over it 
Give those three fucks the draft.
Bill Maher is a dick... goes without saying. But he also has poor judgement. The Euro bankers are trying desperately to stop Deutsche Bank from failing on Trump's watch. Why? Because that will bring about the crash that fucks like Maher want. BUT... Trump will stop them from implementing their NWO shit.
John McCain hasn’t had a conversation with an American voter in ten years.  He doesn’t have a clue, nor does he care, what American citizens want.
You disrespectful little piece of shit. I saw the interview with Patrick Little and it was absolutely DISGUSTING. You behaved like a typical disgusting kike. Same disgusting mentality. Those soy boys were even worse. This is why Europe purged themselves of these vile creatures over 1030 times. Piss off into obscurity with the jews you little piece of shit
Trump slams Canadian PM as ‘dishonest and weak,’ White House Official Calls Trudeau a “F*cking Worm” 
Suck it up goat fuckers. Its called a job. Dont like it, either get another one or choose a religion that doesnt require fasting.  
Larry Nichols former Clinton insider, interviewed by Jason Goodman @csthetruth today. Listen/Share, Join Larry's team to help save America. Join his conf call M/W/F eve. More info Nicholslive.com 
U keepin dat shiet real in da field 
Google image : " mélissa theuriau jamel debbouze " 
The Jew says,..."Please let me join your Ranks & i Promise not to Stab you in the Back"... Leonidas says..."We Fight in Perfect Formation & you would pose as a Weak Point in the Guard". Not only that but a Parasite Never to be Trusted, in any Way, Shape, & or Form...
Given the opportunity, I would be tempted to corner, subdue and ass-rape Brian Kilmeade.
Sturgeon is a mad lesbian witch.
The problem I see is Europe. They might censor things because Europe wants to ban it. I say fuck them! If they won't wake up to their totalitarian governments, we shouldn't have to suffer for it.
As Trump stated, Due Process later. 
Nowhere NEAR As much as we hate her. 
Hi Adolf. Suicide prevention efforts are a scam. Governments drive suicide in sectors of society. #21Fathers commit suicide weekly in Australia, because of the Family Court system. 22 Vets suicide per day in America. The number of WorkCover suicides is high but unknown. Then there's gambling, drug addiction etc, all orchestrated by sick fucks in power.
Such a fag   TWITTER CEO Apologizes For Eating Chick-Fil-A... http://amp.dailycaller.com/2018/06/10/twitter-ceo-chick-fil-a-gay-marriage/  #SoyBoy #BetaMale 
That’s what Nicky the old man says.  
Trump is nothing but a criminal
No call him Hero, call him Shithead
I stopped using fb several months ago.  My husband can't give up arguing with idiots.
Fuckers been saying that for ages!
WTF???  You gotta be kidding!!  ARGH!!!  This francis is a FAKE POPE!  He needs to be arrested, fired!  Satan incarnate!  FMR!!!
To those old enough to remember a time when homosexuality was still not considered normal, it is impossible NOT to see that these arguments are EXACTLY the same ones used then.   The basic liberal idea -- that because something exists it ought to be tolerated or even met with approval -- is fundamentally evil.
>love these leaders  bend over and lick that ass, boy
Obama and Clinton were in child trafficking up to their scrawny necks. There's millions of dollars in pay off money trafficking kids and then harvesting organs when done with them. Sick globalist elites treat kids like livestock for profit. 
I'm praying I'm wrong, but after seeing all the signs that Pres Trump has taken VERY GOOD care of Isreal including moving the Embassy 2Jerusalem & COMPLETELY IGNORING THE PALESTINIAN BLOOD BATH THAT OCCURRED less than a mile away from the ceremony. Over 1,200 UNARMED Palestinians SHOT IN COLD BLOOD/WOUNDED including 2 DR's, MEDIC/NURSE. Over 50 MURDERED!
Calling May a bitch does not effectively describe the most vile destructive politician 
Keep going the way you are going, and you will be the one being fucked royally by the mussies you are enabling...unless you are really one of them of course.
Fuck Google I can use any number of sites to search for what I need.
@Heartiste   ISIS is representative of Mossad. 
OK !! TO REPUBLICANS....THIS IS THE ULTIMATE TEST FOR YOU BECAUSE IF YOU LOOSE THIS TIME , 2018 MIDDLE TERM ELECTION YOU REPUBLICANS CAN SAY GOOD BYE SUPPORT FROM US "WE THE PEOPLE" ,YOU WILL NEVER SEE OUR ASS VOTING FOR YOU, EVER , YOU WILL BE HISTORY and WILL DIE IN DISGRACE...AMEN.
They even told us this was going to happen but people didn't listen... why conquer a nation with the sword when you can do it through #migration?  #Islam #muslim
Fuck these cunts. This is why MGTOW has a leg to stand on.
Ouch... that looks too familiar. I found a really good chiropractic, after about 15 min I walked out like a new man. Cost me €80 but was worth every penny. Eating painkillers and operations are bull shit unless top chiropractors tell you you are f'ed and there is no other option. 
It will be like 1917 when the Yanks saved their asses
I have one friend who still complains, #NeverTrump con, and in our latest sparring match I routed him thoroughly. He's a shit debater so no feather in my cap but his diatribes have become less and less frequent.
from the bottom up. We need to stop thinking we are going to get Hitler elected then he'll handle everything while we take a nap, our job done.  Within a decade or 2 the Dems will have a lock on the presidency; at that point we need to have enough political & violent power in a few states so as to fend off federal overreach.
5/ 
"What do you mean you’re not going to pay our bills? America always pays our bills. 
If the people in the west do not overturn this weaponized immigration through the ballot box I believe our peoples will rise up in military fashion.I do not think the Globalists realize that we increasingly are willing to confront them directly. 
And the heathen had the cashier void everything that wasn't free! She was indignant that Nutella is not paid for with my fucking tax dollars.  I don't hate lightly but I'm letting the hate run through me with these mf's. 
Twitter kike ADL assholes suspended the account. Can we Americans imprison and then kill all the nation wrecking jews yet?
Was just locked out of my Twitter account for 12 hours plus another 12 hours on top of it all FOR NO FUCKING REASON. I TRIED TO GET IN TOUCH WITH THESE FUCKHEADS TO NO AVAIL. 
I can hate fags on a full stomach or on an empty stomach.
Fuck robots. I will never accept a machine as a living, feeling soul.
"Robert De Niro, a very Low IQ individual, has received to many shots to the head by real boxers in movies. I watched him last night and truly believe he may be “punch-drunk.” I guess he doesn’t realize the economy is the best it’s ever been with employment being at an all time high, and many companies pouring back into our country. Wake up Punchy!" - #trump
To clarify (though God knows why it's necessary): my objective is to end Islamisation and make Britain free. That will not be achieved without facing up to the police. You can tell yourself otherwise but history tells me you're wrong.
Nah. Just retarded Muslims and loony Nazis think like you. #NaziFaggot
I know! We want HER and her cronies BEHEADED!!! But I really don’t think Sessions has been inactive...especially on the immigration and child trafficking front. There are also nearly 4000 sealed indictments I’m kind of waiting to see... he has a reputation for being a silent killer in the courtroom. Gives you the idea he’s not paying attention and then brings the house down on you. Let’s pray this is the case. Donald will fire him if he wants to...Rosenstein as well. They must be serving a purpose for him currently.
we all got our fucking issues, man. But i shouldn't have to qualify just to fucking relate as a human being. fuck that shit.
@harperson   Britains most wanted sex offenders are ALL nonwhites. SAY IT LOUD: DIVERSITY IS OUR WEAKNESS ! http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-5838277/Britains-wanted-sex-offenders-revealed.html
Keep kicking ass Kelly, you rock!
I've always banned the detri-mental democrats at every election since they are veritaphobic, immoral and hateful with the character of anti Christ mixed in.
YEP that is right it makes YOU A FUCKIN PEDO> you can't even say where or when you got it... anyone who reads your shitty insane posts will pick that up in no time or they can visit my facistbook :D all your public fuckups are there
Stop imposing your ignorant Christian morality on other people, bigot.
A Mudshark fucking her drug dealer.
Whoever uses the words “bully” or “bully tactics” or “bullying” is inevitably a weak, posturing fag. “He’s such a bully!” Fag talk.
Blue checks like her say whatever they please. But I was locked out for saying "Tranny".  Twitter is nothing but a Blue Check echo chamber.
Bring ladders to scale walls, tarps to cover barbed wire, rebar to subdue police and bolt cutters to open gates. Pro tip: larger mosques invariably contain a stash of modern combat weapons; storm and seize them.
Social Psych Report: Frisky Dogs in Parks Are Part of America's 'Rape Culture' 
maybe not but we know you are full of shit
Sanford lost because he's a piece of shit, Our President just pointed that out...     http://start.att.net/news/read/article/newser-sanford_loses_gop_primary_after_trump_attack-rnewsernor/category/news
Carrying the muslims fav sex toy
The only person you showed to be full of shit was yourself, and I don't care if you believe me or not. You beliefs don't change reality.
Pre-1965 America must've been so nice... wish I could have enjoyed it. Now we have (((multiculturalism))) wanting the daughter to be Blacked and globohomo pushing the white baby boy to get a science pussy instead of a dick. 
So I tested the advert system on #YouTube and by using the image below I was told that it had "shocking content". #FreeTommy 
people uset with Tommy for being outspoken and exposing pedophilia? WOW, UK should make him a saint for exposing and potentially saving their kids
Feelings without thinking is liberalism .
Thank you for a job well done! JMO, ARM = Anti Republic Media (or Mantra). These assholes all say we are a democracy. 
Buy more ammo, folks, because the IG report shows: 
EVERY AMERICAN PATRIOT now must live in FEAR of the disgraced FBI!  
Perfidious Albion has no human beings living there especially those reptiles masquerading as the chuckle chuckle royal family 
hahahhahahahaha  you people are fucking insane
What are you?  Some kind of nigger lover?
2057: After disbanding the Republican party, the %100 Democrat, 95% non-white controlled congress/senate removes all legal punishment associated with murder/assault of "Caucasians". After only 5 years, White Americans make up less than %25 of the US population. Mosin-Nagant is called a wignat fed poster and doxxed by members of the Daily Stormer.
Is this that bimbo twat with fish lips and hideous full sleeve tatts?
@The_War_Economy did a really good analysis on the IG Report.  My takeaway from all this,  All the federal governmet employees think we the American people are nothing more than fucking idiots. We are the one’s that bust our asses everyday to pay taxes to pay these over educated pompous asses to lie, cheat and steal. Time to get rid of the FBI, Attorney General Sessions and time to vote out Congress! JMO! 
has to happen today imo! RR, wray, sessions, strzok & the other sick f'cks (not) named in the ig-report... trump promised us, but till now there is NO proof he is doing it... yeah ya have the republicans not going for re-election... are the republicans the swamp? nothing has changed, still unequal law... he has the power, fire those f'ckers! if not, go to hell! 
https://twitter.com/SoniaKatiMota/status/1004155643123683328  
Ryan fooled everyone.  He's a SOROS paid stooge.
Some say there are big pussies in Montana.
Yeah, and the stupid liberal bitches who wept and fainted at Obama's speeches...
The version of the IG report released yesterday is the ROD ROSENSTEIN redacted version. Man! Did he ever out himself !!!!! ????? He showed us what sort of person he is.
Aww cmon guys let’s lose on principle, we can’t impose on our ideals - this is why no one can take these Christcuck cuckservative morons seriously anymore. 
I've heard people say that mohammed tastes like chicken... dipped in shit.
this makes my blood boil my poor dad gave his life in the last war so we could be free from tyranny and we go and import it by the fucking ship load? I can't for the life of me see what he and thousands of others gave their lives for only to be taken away by fucking third world Scum.....
Yes, I lived in the Pacific Northwest for 32 years. I remember Seattle as the beautiful Emerald City. Such a shame what it has become with leftist leadership and a pedophile mayor. 
WTH !?  I heard McCain was dying ! Lots of energy for an asswipe on his death bed.
'Multiculturalism' is just jewspeak for ethnic fracturing & polarization!
Probably. 
Morning Joe FIRES BACK at Robert De Niro's 'F*** Trump' comment 
Fuck off, @KenYounos Stop trolling reasonable, intelligent people to try to silence them. Truth knows no idiocy - fuck off.
#LiberalHypocrisy. #WhereAreTheChidren? Ask #ObamaFraud! Separating #ChildrenInCages began under Obama's Alien Transfer Exit Program (ATEP), or Lateral Repatriation in 2008. #ImmigrantChildren #BuildTheWallNow #BuildTheWall #redpilled #RedPill
Pope on migrants: “We must move from considering others as threats to our comfort to valuing them as persons”
No, she is just a stupid edgy girl looking for attention or social acceptance within her little universe. Girls do not care much about anything except social hierarchy. She could become a gay-lover in a month if she feels like it. Girls have very little logical thinking ability, empathy or sense of right and wrong. 
I find it incredible how these stupid liberal teachers think that anything about the Islamic ideology is a good and diverse thing to teach. In my mind it's equivalent to teaching Nazism as a good diverse thing to embrace. There's no hope for western culture with fuckwits like her about. 
He played Mr. Freeze???!!! Heh, since he's a Jew, he ought to be called Mr. Eisen.
niggers believe thay are owed everything. when the libard government allowed niggers to believe they were the equals of Whites all hell broke loose.
Awwww. That piteous look of disappointment and despair from knowing that raping some white hotties for the Moon God might not ever happen now. Awwww. AWWWWW!
No one, zilch, zippo, zero! 
When a race are forced to blend with another race.....a great crime against the right of a people to exist and nature is committed.... 
Let me know when they start doing this with the Synagogues. When will Black Metal start talking about the Kikes?
I miss the days of lynching postcards. Blacks today know that they can get away with rape, murder, and robbery, and then have white shitlibs make excuses for them. Trump is full of shit along with his Kike son in law in pushing for "Prison Reform." All that means is more niggers out on the streets to do you and your family harm.
this bought and paidforbitch is not onlya disgraceto her profession she is a disgraceto thehuman race.
The only ones for whom it is beneficial is the dindus themselves who leach off the host countries and the maggot Soros and his ilk who profiteer off the migration and plan to profit off the crash of western economies.
Rules of civil discourse, parody, satire, or really any level of intelligent lampooning, do not apply to negroes. They are obsessed with dicks, their own or other men. #NoHomo
With an index finger that long, there's No way that's a female.
Reposting my good old review of an Aboriginal documentary. 
Lengthy, But well worth the read! 
This is the point you say fuck the UK and immigrate elsewhere.
Clearly, Jews have been a very spiritually sick people for a very long time....here, we learn from the Old Testament David won the daughter of King Saul by killing 200 Philistines and presenting the 200 foreskins to the King
Rampant Drug Use On Obama’s Air Force One Made “Awkward Hookups With Colleagues Funny And Bizarre” 
Rep. Luis Gutierrez: “Sessions, he’d just love for black people to be in the back of the bus again. He’d love for women to be in the kitchen. He’d love for gay people to be in the closet again, and for me, not to have a microphone to be able to speak to anyone”........even though.......  #News #Politics #Racism #Sessions #Congress #Senate #Government
Bill & Hillary are still the Gold Standard for crime in Arkansas...
this what one of those things right here . .  remeber that thing u posted on fuckbook years ago when used it a little which was a waste anyway, the thing that got removed off facebook, oh u didn't ..... you do now & r punish to review etc etc etc welcome to dystopia ,no i don't welcome and fu 
why not deport them all?? these are criminals. now taxpayers have to put the bill for keeping the children. communist democraps trying to cover up the scandal from the IG report 
Great! I now have ANOTHER reason to hate all fucking niggers and muzzies! 
Lets see.....remind me again who was president in 1997?   Oh that's right, it was the white trash POS from Arkansas!
@ObamaSucksAnus You are nothing but a bad kike shill.
Marriage is an institution.....great line ....because you only get in if you're crazy and you can only stay if you're committed.
That is unfuckingbelievable!  And the limeys put up with that shit?
The State of the Union: CA "Immigrant Street Vendors" Bill: Stop Taco Trucks on Every Corner! http://bit.ly/2tdrJC1
When I was a much younger guy I use to go after women who smoked as I knew it would take less effort to get into their pants.  But nowadays I go after quality, not quantity.
Bush killed over 3000 Americans in collusion with Clinton's who were persona friends of Bin Laden's 
I just saw a big ass motherfucking bug climb across my bookshelf.
Next INSULT! .....I mean.....RESULT! 
Grooming gangs abused more than 700 women and girls around Newcastle after police appeared to punish victims | The Independent https://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/crime/grooming-gangs-uk-britain-newcastle-serious-case-review-operation-sanctuary-shelter-muslim-asian-a8225106.html
How ironic...Alex is going to The White House!!!...RUSSIAN COLLUSION!!!
Looks like my ARG simulation starts early today. This is bullshit.
We Need Islam Control, Not Gun Control https://youtu.be/JDYiM--TrbY  But especially understand who your elected leaders really are representing and enabling. Connect the dots as they lie to you.
starbucks lady opening grocery location alone 
By no means am I saying that since I'm having trouble liking #TheLastOfUs, therefore it's not a good game. But I will admit that I'm wondering how universally it's looked at as the best of its generation and yet I haven't found that "it factor" that draws me in. 
I really had enough of this LGBTQHIVAIDS crowd. Fuck off back to mental hospitals. 
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=UUWoaIGpdkjDJspuVKKwOvug BEING MASSIEVLY #SINSORED & #SHADOWBANNED SUBSCRIBE #PLEASE SUBSCRIBE #PLEASE LIBERTY NEEDS TO BE TAKEN BACK START WITH JURY NULLIFICATION NOW #AMERICA WE HAVE A DUTY TO SHUT DOWN THE CROOKED COURTS THAT LET PEDO'S -ILLEGAL'S & HELLARY -OBUMMER AND FENS STAY FREE ?
You’re right.  Race identity politics is evil even though all races except only whites engage in it.  And we need more 3rd world street shitting Indians in the West. 
Another indictment.  MSM is quite about this because it's related to Obama and Hillary. 
I've yet to see any proof of your assertion. Nor do I believe you give a shit about your fellow man. Your purpose is obvious, and it benefits only your narcissism.
that's pure scum asshole...fucking punkass
Did your boyfriend have sex with him?
The fucking commies won in the end.
They made a pact to be ungovernable, soon as Trump wa elected. They are Marxist revolutionaries.
Democrats have their own special way of separating a child from their parent.
Guys, if you could just help out with a dollar for the recording session, we sure would appreciate it.  We paid the studio up front, but ran over in cost.
Dude, You Aspies are geeky wimps trying to act like badasses. Then when you get laughed at for being such impotent, ineffectual wimps, you feel you have to "show the world" by going on a cowardly dishonorable shooting spree. You're a wimp trying to use "tough talk" so of course you get laughed at! Aspies SUCK at politics, and you KNOW it.
Ingraham: Faux liberal outrage, destruction of rule of law https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5H-y4i36t7c #Gab @GuardAmerican
wonder if she read the bible while she rapes little kids and biting off their faces..this rat need to be poisoned
Of course not, bro, you is one clued up mother fucking nigga mate.
Just standard islamic misogyny at play here. Practically every woman in Saudi Arabia lives like this. This is what the islamophilic libtard feminists can expect as the norm if they want to keep on supporting islam. 
Have The Democrats, READ Hillary's EMAILS? 
good we shall deport whole families then. Good idea.  
Not surprisingly, Obama announced that his "library" will have no books. Libtards just make shit up for their deranged followers. No need for books. Voodoo works fine.
this was overshadowed on yahoo yesterday with something about kathy griffen..sorry to those who lost everything but apparently her 'comeback tour' is more important
Racists live longer and have a better quality of life and theres the benefits of not being raped or having acid thrown in your face
Exactly, but people in Britain and Sweden don't seem to understand this yet. They are too chicken to blame the jew.
Pay back is a bitch 
#Bolling went #SuperSaiyan levels on this #microbrain POS has-been. Nice work!
This SUCKS...Americans you CAN do better...get off your asses and buy more guns!! Small Arms Survey Shows US With 46% of Privately Owned Firearms http://www.thetruthaboutguns.com/2018/06/dean-weingarten/small-arms-survey-shows-us-with-46-of-privately-owned-firearms/amp/ #2A #NRA #GabGuns #GunsofGab 
THE PROBLEM IS NOT THE HOR; IT IS WITH THE WRPOS @SENATEMAJLDR WHO WILL NOT IMPLEMENT THE F'G NUKE OPTION; CALL THE MF 866.220.0044 AND RIP THE MF UP ONE SIDE AND DOWN THE OTHER
Hope they both get AIDS
Tablet: black 
It's shit like this immigration coverage that made me stop using Facebook. There's a good 30% of people out there that do no thinking whatsoever. They're like amoebas or something. All they do is react to whatever propaganda is fed to them by the media.
Freedom of speech, Man.  I still want to see two of those bitches move to Canada.
Stand strong and ignore the leftist rabble, Ms. Nielsen. Victory will come. We are right. 
Hey asshole, I hope the secret service visits you real soon. 
OK ignorant, I pinned what you don't know. Now fuck off!
. @SpeakerRyan: "Blah, blah, blah, I'm a coward and will cave on immigration. SECONDLY, I want to talk about working American families."  Well, it just says it all, folks. They truly deserve a bludgeoning at the ballot box.
We are educating people about the harmful W word (white) - it's used as a racial slur against us. Let's do away with it completely. We much prefer the #PeopleFirstLanguage "People of Light" - just like how we now refer to non-PoL as "People of Color"
What a shitty workout. I feel like hell. Some days I just can't get rolling. At least I did it, I guess.  
The only reason why Western mainstream media hates Putin and Trump is because they both don't bang on how important gay rights are. that is the only reason, think about it. which proves that the militant gay mafia has taken over the media in the West. Sodom and Gomorrah all over. We all know how that ended.
WRONG WRONG WRONG,JESUS CHRIST!!!!WHY AREN'T THESE KIDS SEPERATED FROM THEIR "PARENTS"?
His neck looks like the gash on a 100 year old woman.
Hey hasbeen, I've got an extra long bathrobe belt with your name on it, I'll send it to you so you can Borudain yourself. 
Don't let the door hit you in the ass.
Word to the wise: don’t play poker with these guys! @MiamiJohnC and Mark P. https://kek.gg/u/MSc2
Don't kid yourself. Beastality is next. 
Fill this on your way out, kunt.
Fucking A.  Just learned some shit here a GAB.  RISE !!!
We should just change the few shitty lyrics and use this song just to piss them off. Made the alt right look pretty cool if you ask me. Or is bad religion such a sellout band they are saying we're the real rebels not punk anarchist science pussy losers.
Americans are so fucking dumb for footing the bill for feeding/housing these people and paying for legal fees. https://www.nbcnews.com/news/amp/ncna885151 Left & MSM would never be satisfied. This is their game. BUILD THAT FUCKING WALL. Enforce law. Keep them out.
https://canadafreepress.com/article/obama-smells-blood-in-trump-reversal-on-immigration   Trump needs to be careful they are looking to entrap him.
Here's hoping somebody opens up a can of whoopass and beats the living dog shit out of him.
#WhitePrivilege is a myth created by Jews to distract from #JewishPrivilege
Chuck Schumer (chuckie scummie) lies about border policy.   https://youtu.be/oBL0HD7hUjc
"Lemme guess. He's gay/"gender fluid""  "HE" is gay?  Kim, did you just assume its gender?  I really think we're dealing with an "it" here.
Sounds like a middle easterner to me.
I'm a healer, I'm a compassionate guy, but I would still like to punch Bill Gates in the face, really fucking hard!🤛
lol this might be a clue that we getting tired of the shit
I can remember back in the 60’s you could buy a Mexican girl out right for around $14.00. They were selling the girls. 
Does anyone really expect jews to tell the truth?
Another shit talking Nigger that needs a bullet in his head. 😠😠😠😠
Ernst Zundel and David Irving.  
It wouldn't be a stretch to think this demon has killed children‼️ 
HAHAHAHA Austrian Leninist...….in other words......A JEW.....FUCK OFF YOU HEBE FAGGOT....your words are irrelevant and so is your whole shit race....go die now
I realize Nancy Pelosi is a Democrat, but her level of hypocrasy is breathtaking. 
Should Donald Trump be assassinated, a massive civil war between the extreme Left SJW elitist establishment and the silent Sane and Rational right-wing majority is most likely to break out.
This is what the Obama's the Clinton's and all demonic rat leaders want for American citizens.
I think he's a jew.  He's been presented with holohoax evidence point blank.  The guy was posting those long debunked WWII photos in his TL.
Be me at work. 
https://en-volve.us13.list-manage.com/track/click?u=b29cd213dcc68257612467adb&id=98027c5ecc&e=bb8bbb052d   Guns and ammo stock up as Leftists are getting seriously Communist goonies.
A rep for Fonda told Fox News it was “not possible” to get a comment from the actor as he is too busy doing press for his new film, “Boundaries.” 
What can we ascertain about Janique (pronounced Juh-NEE-Kwuh?) other than room temperature is a bit higher than her IQ? 
Yea well we are quickly approaching a perfect storm of suck where we will pay half of our money to be raped by a pack of feral 3rd world vermin.  Flipping the table is the sane option.
The border wars are coming soon.
the only Democrat, the rest are  DEMONIC RATS
I am dectecting the putrid stench of socialist gloablist BS here! http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-5876873/Dame-Vera-Lynn-demands-removed-75th-anniversary-D-Day-concert-website.html   I wonder if the litarded planners of this SICK, DISRESPECTFUL "event" would also hold a concert at AUSCHWITZ to QUOTE 'stimulat[ing] people to stand up again for peace and freedom'. ?? My Dad was little more than a boy when fought in Normandy. This beach was sacred to him, & he last visited in 2000 6 months before me died of cancer. Socialists are SICK retards!
The Democaust or Demopocalypse (whichever) will be fun times. 
Nazi = Socialist 
Here is your shovel back......Keep digging that hole deeper. Lol 😂   Bc I will have you looking stupid if you want to debate me and actually answer questions, and truthfully. But liberals are cowardice liars. Never met a friendly liberal. 
PLZ,   ALL SANE FOLKS.... B DAMNED SURE NOT, NOT TO PATRONIZE THIS SHIT HOUSE DUMP  
He made 100k for throwing the match. It's the way the middle east works. Send him back. 
I'll check it out even though that cuck shadowbanned me for saying I was disappointed in him. 
Pissy*.   Pussy* And I don’t apologize for language Bc it’s just an artificial construct of “sounding dirty or bad”. Words are just words 
He can't. The system is completely gridlocked by these judges and whorish politicians. Mexico can just slowly terraform our country until it turns into another Mexico. They don't need to send an army. Just voters that the Left can use for power and the Right can use for cheap labor. It's shit like this that the Alt-Right exists. We elected Trump because we want him to completely reform the system and we're starting to realize that cannot happen. This system needs to be replaced because soon the demographics will change in favor of the invaders and we lose without a shot fired.
Waffle House Follies Redneck v Gays:  
TWITTER 
Why would u listen to that Jew garbage?
This filthy sub simeon needs impaling.......  https://www.express.co.uk/news/uk/978577/Brexit-news-gina-miller-brexit-people-s-vote-march-second-referendum-latest-video
fuck you Yahway boy. I stand with my people
Im very O.K. with camps for illegals, muzzies, kikes, trans..even the kids.
Nothing wrong with a little muff hair as long as its clean.  :)
I am doing something.  I vote, I served my country in the Army, I support Veterans for Child Rescue, I’m in DAR and we have our own Patriotic schools,  I am a Dental Hygienist that donates my time to recovering drug addicts.  What are you doing to improve the world, besides bitching? 🤷🏻‍♀️
'White people can't breed'..is that why your momma took a nigger dick when she had you?
Uh oh! Another one will get Arkancided..poor bitch!!
“Right to keep and BARE arms”  Decides to ask for permission. Haha cuck.
this is why libertarians are utter cancer. fuck the constitution lets just use an industrial sized wood chipper & turn them into mulch. problem solved
What a disgrace, a Nation with Laws would have the fagots hang from a tree within 5 minutes. Here they suck from the sheeple for 8 years and they are keep doing the same, if this is not the most disgusting thing on the planet Earth I am not sure what else is. 
waters you are one sick bitch stirring up trouble just to distract from you and your husband involved in banking fraud and to distract from where you get the money to buy and live in a 4.5 million dollar mansion ,that is not even in your district ,whats the matter people you represent not good enough to call neighbors? PIECE OF SHIT !!
It's nothing to doo with the system, It's us dick-heads for putting up with it in the first place
please explain why this double standard is NOT a form of treason
maxine waters is not insane, she's a hateful old bitch. maxine needs her grill fired up.
YES THEY HAVE.  A BUNCH OF TRAINWASHED IDIOTS!
This is a shithole community.  At USF in Tampa, Bill O'Reilly was a key element in exposing their 'Islamic Studies" professor who was secretly sending thousands to terrorist organizations & attending their secret meetings all over the country on the University (tax payer) dime. He was deported.
1. my opinion has no value 
My parents applied 90 years ago to enter the great USA. They worked and paid their tax like good Americans do. So if someone puts their foot in door of my house they now have the right to due process before I can remove them. I call bull shit.
CNN's new lackey thinks he's still relevant. I can't wait to see the fucker in Mesa after he is retired from the Senate.
They should force the ‘refugees’ to wear this crap.
Don't bring a stone to a gunfight. Sheesh stupid muhammedans https://youtu.be/ey48uTfIeww
The German Colonel Othon Liman von Sands, advised the Turks to  exterminatethe the Greeks with hardships.
Romney: Where I stand on the Trump agenda, 
Soros was 14 years old at the end of WW2. Never believed this horse shit story of him being a “Nazi “.
Megan McCain dirty stain nasty cunt fuckin ass clown whore prostitute.
Let's get it on! 
you truly are a half wit maybe even less than half 
The smart ones are trying to put the brakes on, problem is their retarded pets are too stupid and gassed up on the propoganda to stop.
A company on diversity - "We hire and promote perverts and the near-incompetent, because it's just the right thing to do." 
Ben Rhodes another Obama POS.  He looks worried about jail time.  
If you ignore her but don’t conform to her values, she’s gonna take you on
If obama(barry soetoro) and hillary get arrested, we as american people should demand that they be sent to #Egypt because lest we forget they tried to turn this country into a #terrorist #shithole with the muslim brotherhood! Atleast that would soothe any tensions we have with the region. #MAGA
GIVE THAT FILTHY  YELLOW MEAT UGLY FAT SKANK A BONE TO CHEW ON
Truck intentionally crashes into "news" organization.  Can't wait for this to begin happening to propaganda outlets like CNN, NBC, the New York Slimes, and the Washington Shitpost... 
You want their lawyers to see pics of their tits?
The left has no integrity. They wail about mothers and children being separated at border, but all support Planned Parenthoods abortion mill, that just kills the future children.
GOOGLE, OBAMA PLAN TO CONTROL NEWS 
THEY WERE NOT INVITED, & THEY'RE NOT WELCOME HERE! 
This is why i cant fucking stand what they have done to pride. NO! This is not fucking ok you sick fucks. Goddamn leftard jackasses should all be locked up. 
We need to find some filthy Muslim Pigs that will volunteer to rape this mentally ill thug
nigger, 3/4 of NBA players are black 
Freedom of expression comes with a choice to be an ass or to be responsible person.  The responsible person, will not be an ass!
Yeah it is in trouble and do is that sour faced cunt merkle, her coalition isn't to pleased with her 7th century race replacement program 
let me guess; the children of the wicked one are the Jews!
Where's the pro, big spender? Lol
Do we need anymore of a reason to cling to our guns and 2nd Amendment rights? This assault by the liberals of the current DemoncRat party serves a perfect example of why we loyal patriotic Americans must fight to keep our guns and rights. The left has been fighting hard to strip us from our right to protect ourselves and our families. Don't let that happen. Ever!!! 
This planet is diverse. We (white people) have created ways (cruise ships and jets) to see this diversity. We don't need diversity in white countries. Or black Nigger countries. Or sand Nigger countries. Or zipper head countries. Or spic countries. If I want to see Niggers I'd fly to Africa and see them. But I hate them and I'd never want to see them.
Elimination of Hate crime laws need to be a cornerstone of our White Civil Rights movement.  James Fields is being falsely accused of Hate crimes. He is merely a White Civil Rights Advocate, nothing more. There is no proof of anything else.  Fuck FBI Director Christopher Wray and the Federal shithead prosecutors.  Hail Victory!
James Woods needs to keep up. The #LiarInChief is flying those offspring around the US and dropping them into our communities, at our expense, for us to forever support on welfare and foodstamps, free housing, free health care and free education. Then they get to chain in their parents and the rest of their klan to also receive free everything and citizenship at our expense. 
Mister ((( KAUFFMANNNNNN ))) 
Justine Trudeau is their bitch
As if you would want input from the American people if you were the doing the picking...commie bitch.
I got a vasectomy. Ended up single and it was eye opening what happened when I didn't tell the females.  "Unwanted" pregnancy is bullshit; it's only unwanted the next day. Fucking unreal.
Here's my litmus test for the next SCOTUS justice... 
We are on the verge of a civil war in America. Everyone should start preparing before the war begins. The war could begin very soon so everyone needs to be prepared. It's crazy that the left wants to start a war. The left won't win since they aren't very intelligent and most of them are anti-gun. https://www.bitchute.com/video/e4pfkiW58OM/
https://yournewswire.com/clinton-campaign-official-arrested-child-rape/amp/?__twitter_impression=true   Hillary and her crew at their finest.  MSM ignoring this?
It's a pity and tragedy that Matt Heimbach f*cked up the way he did. Totally uncalled for. The man was very articulate, at ease with the media, and not afraid to take it to streets. People with that combination, at least in the pro-White ranks, don't come around every day.
Literally fucking retarded and this is why rounded them up is perfectly fine, especially since their goal is to kill us off. 'undocumented citizens' though holy shit.
The aluminum,aluminium debate will never die. Fck Yo ;)
No she got fat eating eating the Liberal shit
Atheist @RichardDawkins “Any Fetus is Less Human Than an Adult Pig” http://www.lifenews.com/2017/06/27/atheist-richard-dawkins-any-fetus-is-less-human-than-an-adult-pig/ … https://tinyurl.com/y8wny5sm … Atheism has no moral code
Look! 2 cheeks of the same fat ass.
You’re being autistic @Despairgumshoe - sodomy laws are laws against fags and that’s all. 
I still recall getting a ton of shit from septic tanks buddies on xbox live playing COD4 about the 'fag' thing. I laughed along with them, because i had never even thought differently about the use of the word being applied to cigarettes. 
We don't need to get out of her crusty, cobweb-filled pussy. Nobody is in it.
ROFL!! is that THE Hawaii judge that sucks oBOMBa's peepee whenever he can?? LOLOLOLOLOLOL
Dont give the Maryland shooter a trial.  Its a waste of time and money and we dont need to know his root causes.  Take him out back and hang him.
They are mostly pussies who are to scared to do sweet fuck all. Its the fluoride in the water supplies among other things.
Yep, I triple dog dare you!
P.S. fuck feminist frequency tried fuck up gaming and now fucked up intel instead since apparently aye. , touche'
English, muthafuker...do u speak it?  Or do u just REEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Being a leftist is like being trapped in an endless, boring lecture, and all doors out lead to another room and another lecture.  Btw, any white person in that shop should confiscate the cash register and computers that are being culturally appropriated by the indigenous peoples.  I notice whitey’s money is still good there, though.
Michelle Duggar is hated by the left. They know that white women having 19 kids screws their plan of a non white Socialist hell hole. If white women ever figure out what their sex organs are for. Not just pleasure. But to have babies. The Communist Democrats will not be able to stop the baby boom
Sadiq Khan GO TO HELL 
The fake news sites/channels all using the same MO to talk about this incident. Calling a shotgun a Long Gun as if to compare it to "scary black rifles", using images of the shooter over and over to glorify him, and they'll spend another month talking about this as if it's a national scandal. Doing everything the news shouldn't be doing when this happens
Honduran refugees and the hellhole they’re fleeing 
RT @MZHemingway: Journalists Blame Trump For Annapolis Shooting Despite No Evidence https://kek.gg/u/zcYt
it's so nice to come across this pretty lady's face after scrolling through libtards, emos with nose rings and maxine waters all morning #FLOTUS
The Apostate Prophet presents: Mohammed's Rape Culture 
This is exactly what happened also in the unclear conditions of the Yugoslavian war. The Jewish bankers use dumb young Muslims in their false flag operations to kill Christians to gain support for Israel and USA presence in the middle east and overthrowing of legit Governments.
Big Pharma salesmen that we call doctor can't wait to get their claws on them..
Someone needs to slap down Mueller hard. He is still causing General Michael Flynn untold grief. 
I am reasonably sure they threw you away at the border.
the average indian woman right here 
RT OnlineMagazin     Oh dear! The signs of the times, or just an indication of the submissive leftist Antifa! Ouch! https://pic.twitter.com/C1xtEErK8T  https://twitter.com/OnlineMagazin/status/1013033965018648577
Love it! Take that socialist down. Jayapal is an oozing sore on the butt of Washington State. Too bad the hypocrite is free. Would have loved to see her enjoying a nice vacation on the taxpayers behind bars with a cot and 2 brown bag meals a day. Lol
#GabFam #BritFam #WWG1WGA #LEGA #IT ‏@a @amy @occulturalism @PoliticsGhost  
What about the poor bastard they falsely accused? 
And they would only pass the cost in 2 the hard working American people...no fuckin'thank you...
Roseanne tweets some bullshit and middle-class America loses its collective mind. https://youtu.be/4UfVw0Lzo1A
My first Nintendo console was a hand-me-down NES from my aunt with the three-pack of SMB, Duck Hunt, and World Class Track Meet.  Then I got a Nintendo 64.
Ok whatever you say nigger.
And we'll never for get that he is a traitor!
I Do NOT See where the Brits, as a Whole, are Fighting this Shit!!?? Can't Imagine!
#BillMaher 's gone full retard. #benshapiro was weak for the first half but really pushed back on the second half. Especially on the #Russia / #Collusion nonsense. Is he a buffoon or an evil genius, Maher?Uh...or his kids are behind it or something? GTFOOH https://buff.ly/2yYX9Ce
Let a pig roasting on hot coals that I'm about to eat, the roasted pig mind you offend muslims or anyone else. I could give a shit. I shot the pig skinned him roasted him and will eat him. He was rooting up my garden.
This as nothing to do with color!!! She is just 1 ugly fucking looking baboon! Looks like a big hose is sucking the life outta her ass!!!
7: The Anime Traditionalist, also 'tradwives' are usually trannies or secret mudsharks
Merkel has done me No Service of use.
She looks like she fucks creme-filled eclairs.
What a Cuck no wonder the UK is a 1984 police state with idiots like this! 😂 https://twitter.com/MatthewStadlen/status/1012840631344029697
Walter: you're a moron. Nobody is interested in anything you have to say. Now fuck off. 
LEFT HAVE LOST THEIR MINDS ! WHAT LITTLE BRAINS THEY HAD ! Left-wing media panic over Supreme Court turning right, as some link Trump to newspaper shooting  http://www.foxnews.com/opinion/2018/07/01/left-wing-media-panic-over-supreme-court-turning-right-as-some-link-trump-to-newspaper-shooting.html
hey numbnuts, Allies were the bad guys. NAZIs were the 100% GOOD GUYS. Allies won using anti-gravity technology, building huge b52 bombers which could carry unlimited weight in bombs, and then we basically melted the fuck out of something like 3 thousand human cities with napalm bombs until we got caught with our pants down in Vietnam. 
jews are professional shit disturbers
A picture of a schlub jewess
How many votes does Kenya get in our election? One Barrack Hussein Obama.
Where in the fuck has he been.
Naturally when you grow up seeing shit like this you would become desensitized (see: South Africa Somalia Middle East etc.) So then to bring that violence here is no big deal to them. 
Two idiot Canadian robbers try to elude the police. 
The Nazi's were leftists - ergo The "National Socialists" in "Nazi".  
So, I have decided to stop using the arabic term ‘islam’. From here on out, I will replace it at every opportunity with the direct English translation, Submission. Once you start using this truthism, the political and military ideology becomes a hell of a lot clearer.
Only in #Islamic religious text are women so hated... and this is the religion #feminists defend.
fuck you, that means we go to valhalla if we die.
DOG DOXXED This will be the Fate of you and all the world's Jew and Israel haters SHORTLY die Dog die https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YcR9k8o4I0w
The jews will forever want revenge against the German people because the Germans were the first ones that ever made a jew truly work for a living and not be a parasite, but most of all, return the stolen ill gotten gains that jews are so fond of bragging about. This is why jews have been a plague on Europe ever since. They thank Americans by extorting them too.
You do understand the term hypocrite? Because your entire "argument" was a litany of worn out insults. Up your game, because that shit is weak as fuck.
I was just thinking the same thing. There's no way she has the cardio for a fight. She'd probably have a heart attack.
I just had this conversation at work.😂😂😂.  I’m close to moving back to NYC and being done with these lazy S.C. Gullah Fucktards
Since Zucc's back in the news, time to ruin another nascent meme. https://kek.gg/u/dbhd
Your ship is sailing in the dangerous blue waters of the Democrat Party.
There is absolutely nothing wrong with sport hunting. These hunters and the tags they pay for are what supports wild life conservation efforts. Tags are sold for animals that benefit the herd when removed, hunters aren't just shooting any random one they see.  Shitlib whining on the internet isn't out there saving any animals.
"burritos and tacos are not staples of Spanish cuisine, right?" No, shit mixed with cockroaches is.
RT @FoxBusiness: .@RealCandaceO: "I really do believe we are seeing the end of the Democratic Party as we know it." https://kek.gg/u/n_gW
Bunch of faggots puffs  and queers !
Good... because fuck 'em. 😎
I drove through a checkpoint, so the fuck what? They complimented me on my hat.
We're not the ones who believe resting water curves. We're not the ones who believe water flows against the alleged curve. We're not the ones who believe water sticks to a ball and remains undisturbed while the earth is spinning 1024 MPH. We're not the ones who are Ball Stupid. And you said your were unbiased.  
Carlos, you are not thinking, Jews are white men, you may not like it but it is true! Also it is precisely those Jews who created everything! Intelligence ranks Jews, Asian, whites, Spanish and blacks in the bottom. Don't bother getting upset with me, do the research. It is not nice, it is not kind but unfortunately it is true!
GOOD MORNING USA CONCENTRATION CAMPERS unelected CFR NSA/CIA members can spy on, target & kill u-RU OK with that? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cywfuWVISUY
Someone has to take care of our white trash
Mad white boy? You rural retards are too dumb to make a Facebook alternative. Trade school retards.
Dudley sounds like an Islamized shit-hole.
Swamp Drained: Obama's ICE Chief Counsel Sentenced to Prison for Identity Theft https://thegoldwater.com/news/30338-Swamp-Drained-Obama-s-ICE-Chief-Counsel-Sentenced-to-Prison-for-Identity-Theft 
Tell that to the 2,000 kids who were separated from their parents, you stupid cunt 
Washington post is run by the people in the nwo, dont believe in the washington post. This article said what has been known since guns were evented, but that doesn't mean sexy sluts/whores shouldn't be in the army.
Let's be 100% here, after the annexation of certain parts of other people's country, the Russians deserve flaming shit bags on their porch, not just holes in the paint. At Europe's expense of course, MAGA.
#HitlerWasRight  
Saladin spent more time fighting and killing other Muslims than he did fighting Richard the Lionheart.
Sorry kid that just not true. Not even remotely true. And the person I was responding to said he was responsible for the entire 20 trillion. So who's the dumbass again? Oh yeah YOU. 
2030: A GLIMPSE  -  April is set to become 'Anal Sex Month' in the U.S. after a joint resolution proclaiming so sailed through both houses earlier today. Many lawmakers expressed disappointment that 'Pedo Week' legislation is, for now, on hold as Freedom Caucus members threatened a filibuster citing states rights as their only objection. #Cantwell @PNN
So that's why niqabs were invented.
Holy fuck dude. Looking at your feed you really take the Alex Jones dick DEEP don't you. Holy shit man. Does he make you swallow ?
So the MAGA hat thief in Texas was a commie Green Party member: 
Time to look for a new beer. Bud tastes like shit now.
just kidding man can we talk i think i might have mental issues as a man i need to vent  im upset  depressed i need someone to listen to my problems i tried to the call Oprah show  they asked whats my problem where do i feel tension in society or at home i told them i hate libs and the constant need to vent can i speak to Oprah click fake mental illness by libs is pathetic talk to a vet then theyll know issues freaking snowflakes oh this is for the http://twitter.com/thedemocrats holler
Just think how many once in a lifetime vacations she ruined!  Throw the book at her and deport the moon cricket back to the Congo...
Barry tried his best to destroy it, along with the traitors in Congress. But, Trump took over for Barry, instead of HRC. Now, Special Forces are going after the Globalists and traitors and there are going to be executions coming up.
President #Trump just said he would donate $1,000,000 to the charity of Elizabeth #Warren’s choice if she took a #DNA test that proved she had Indian heritage. 
The term "gynocentrism" has first made appearance in 1897.
Rearrange these words to make a well-known phrase Off Fuck!
He’s holding a shit stained dildo in his hand. Someone should shove it down his throat!
Shoulda shot the bitch on the spot.
Christ I didn’t know Sessions was going after Fields also. WTF is he thinking??
Donald Trump:  ---  racism? no..... --- homophobia?...no.... ---xenophobia?  no........ @marclamonthill  ?  no ....
"Socialism and National Socialism are not the same thing jew" except they're both Socialist? YOU THICK CUNT!
OK, then. Maybe a Caliphate full of dindus is the way to go. Maybe I was wrong about globalism. White people might go extinct; but look at that quality football!
#MAGA is winning. And liberals are getting more hysterical with each passing day. The #NeverTrump cucks who feared Trump would be a Cryin’ Chuck Schumer ally are no denigrating POTUS for being “too tough” and a “bully”.😂😂😂
VIDEO: Another White man loses his job due 2 merely questioning 1 of the exalted niggers we're supposed 2 worship. Is 1 of several recently regarding pools which (((media))) keeps trying to mislead us 2 believe r PUBLIC pools, when r PRIVATE (apartments, hotels). Very common 4 nigs who don't live sumplace 2 swamp a pool & b unruly.  
jews are the chosen people of satan, and yes they are superior in every way you listed. however, anything "good superior" that is associated with them as a group is complete and total jew bullshit.
Bush 41 was a faggot and a pussy.  SHIT PRESIDENT! 
Fucking hell, those fat bastards would be better off fed to the polar bears, must be the same lard content as an adult Walrus!
.You have proof of that you fucking dickhead faggot from Rome! 
Good for them I wish we could ban all the TRASH New York assholes dump on our beaches here in FL. You have to pay to get on the beach now in most places or pay for a room on the beach to visit the beaches because we have to spend tens of millions of dollars each year cleaning up after tourist that can't seem to find the trash cans we put for them on the beach. Hell Daytona has to sift its sand in some areas that is very expensive. 
Just imagine how much money it costs the country in legal battles and welfare just to sustain one arrogant selfish cunt invader.
id bang the mixed reporter off my local tv station so good. also, shes under fucking 40, most chicks in the national tv networks are old af
It's OK to be a Nazi!! 
The Allied Health professional community will NEVER advocate for 2 demographs with increasingly worsening health disparities.. 
women shouldn't be fighting in the military
I enjoy ad hominoid attacks as it tells me you are an intellectual midget.  My apology to Littel People!
Also, for the record, I'm quite chivalrous towards white women but that Antifa bitch would have been my next target! They want equal rights? Well, here ya go!
Maybe he sees that his future is a fat bitchy broad in size 4x skinny jeans harping on his ass and can't ever give another fuck about life.
NY Democrat politician tells Chucky Schumer that he stands with the Republicans until the Democrats remove their heads from their asses http://powderedwigsociety.com/dov-hikind-to-schumer/ via @jubals
heres a nigger culturally enriching an office with vibrant diversity, our greatest strength!  
Find the guilty bastards, hang them from their balls and spin them!!!
Why don’t the wealthy countries in the Middle East, like Saudi Arabia, UAE, Kuwait, or Bahrain take in all these refugees and migrants instead of sending them to Europe?
Before mass immigration from Italy Toronto was a quiet British suburb in Montreals shadow. We turned it into one of top 5 cities in North America. It's OUR city. Then Anglo politicians gave it away to Chinks and Pajeets. The Anglo has failed this land.
Create a drug dependent class of slaves who will do anything for the drugs  typical commie trick.
the final chapter & happy ending to this DACA muchacho is that he's sent back south of the border to his people; DACA criminals don't get to stay; adios & vaya con dios!
What you are doing, though, given all data and your behavior, is placing the value of getting your peepee touched above all the indications and statistical likelihoods of such things are divorce, false allegations, DV, or losing custody.
Bullshit Mohanada!!  Canada: In acquitting Muslim accused of multiple sexual assaults, judge cites his “different cultural background” https://www.jihadwatch.org/2018/07/canada-in-acquitting-muslim-accused-of-multiple-sexual-assaults-judge-cites-his-different-cultural-background
Get them all out of my country. 
Ya' might be a libtard if........... 
Whites are the ONLY people in this world that will protest against their own kind! Disgusting. Pathetic. 
the illegal alien kids are actors 
May's ineptitude & embracing of islamosfacist EU 4th Reich rule over UK makes one want to VOMIT
God was not speaking to (((jooz))). He was speaking to the Hebrews or Israelites. Jews are imposters, deceivers, the children of Cain/Satan and the synagogue of Satan.
Boot the porch monkey out of the country!  😜
IE: Most humans are fucking ignorant and arrogant AND most ETs are fucking amazingly honourable and wise.  See?  Balance.  :>
A pleasure to look on the children of a pure race ,by the way parents are fighting to get their kids into this school,their schools grade is fine its just a Liberal Leftie arse licker ,was unhappy their were no darkies in the class to drag them down
OK I am totally freaked out about this illegal killing 2 LE in Maryland, arrested by ICE and not deported not jailed he was fined 300 and let go.. WHAT !!!  
Yeah fucking right Donald, you ran because you were bailed out by a high ranking (((Jew))) financially which made you in debt to the (((Jews))). You are clearly not interested in helping America and especially white Americans. 
The Jews are to society as termites are to the foundation of a home.
Oh my God! What a fucking concept. If all the Kikenvermin in the world moved to Israel and stayed there, and stopped (((manipulating))) other nations' currency, politics, and culture, eventually NO ONE WOULD HATE THEM ANY MORE!
even more aggravating is  1 obama has not been tortured and executed  2 clinton has not been tortured and executed  3 The members of the deep state  have not been tortured and executed  4 jews are still aloud to destroy the whole world and have not been tortured and executed.  
fuck israel and america. both should be destroyed
give back the land to palestinians, kikes. also, get the fuck out of white countries because you have been parasiting and subverting since the moment you entered white countries. you are filthy , rodent, pests. 
Durbin is so aptly named, he really is a Dick. His Seat is safe, so he entices others to show "political courage". We suffered through 40 years of the Liberal "Warren Court", now our turn. 
If this was a Jew, the baby would've been given a Blowjob. Still deplorable as those people are monsters.
Look at it from the bright side: if they really embrace this — which would be utter suicide — we would have a much easier time completely purging them from society. It's basically a free genocide card. No one would ever blame us.
http://www.centralprinting.com/lake-geneva-commercial-printing - Exactly the information I was after.
Me, when very young, in the car with my Mother, not in the very best neighborhood, waiting for my Father, as a black walks by, yelled as loud as my little voice could 'Mom! You know that stuff won't was off?!?!'
to suck evry nigger cock in that shithole country why else would anyone go there? 🙄
'Western world is built on RACISM' – BBC Newsnight guest makes SHOCK announcement If not for the white man this ‘professor of black studies’, yeah I know LOL, would be walking naked amongst the lions & zebras in Apefreaka.
The Picture Was Taken At The Charlottesville,VA Protests,She Along With Other Operatives Where There To Instigate Problems,Much Like Most Of The Over The Top Types On Gab(The Old Adage-Thou Protest,Too Much)Like Someone Always Yelling-I Hate These Fuckin Faggots,That Someone Probably is Gay,Think The Same With Someone Always Yelling The Jews😳🤔🤔
How about a FINAL solution? 
The United Kingdom loves getting their ass handed to them, over & over & over....
RT @JustinRaimondo: The usual bullshit from the NeverTrump-neocon crowd: did the Pew poll predict a Clinton win? Of course it did. The public wants less immigration: that's why Trump is President. https://kek.gg/u/jWXM
Liberty Report: MEK are US ‘Terrorists of Choice’ for Regime Change in Iran https://21stcenturywire.com/2018/07/07/liberty-report-mek-are-us-terrorists-of-choice-for-regime-change-in-iran/
Ban the Muslims NOW. DONT WASTE A MINUTE. BAN ANYONE WHO HATES AMERICA.
To All The Anonymous Fuckin Tough Guys On Gab,Watch This 34min Video,See The Regular Average Guys A Few Brave Woman And Yes A Tranny,Against ANTIFA !!
Yep, just long enough to let her brainwash other women & then POW, she's nothing but a memory. 
All these Politicians are #Traitors to the British People they need to be ousted from their Positions immediately including the PM Theresa May, all Muslim MPs need to be sacked immediately for being Islamic it should be against the Constitution! #CleanUpTheSwampUK #FreeTommyRobinson
Sessions is about to be fired... Hopefully!!!
I usually feel the need to downvote when I see entire comment threads calling users niggers and kikes with 80 upvotes and zero downvotes. 
No one gives a fuck about Pagans.  The issue is the alliance between race-traitor Christians, and our Enemies, the Jews.
What fat boy can't paddle the boat so he has to hire and black over weight ( probably gay) woman to do it for him... Just being PC correct I suppose.
Ι don't like Corbyn, however I prefer him to Theresa May. He's anti-war and anti-zionist. Theresa May is a lackey of the Jews and a warmonger.
Iranian General Calls On Young Muslims to Fight Jihad Against Zionists and US
That would be nice. Of course, those are states that already shouldn’t have a single fucking Democrat Senator to begin with.
Good don't give them any either. The only thing these libturds @CNN deserve is public shame, ridicule, and oh yeah a spot in the unemployment line.
We support National Socialism based on a homogenous high trust society. White Nations for White Families.
#WhiteFlight only abandons our cities to non-Whites. Cities constantly expanding here in N. America, chasing Whites further away and taking over politically. Entire sections of cities in UK, Europe now mozlem #NoGo zones. #Cucked PROGS want to enable this anarchy here. Time to #Purge this mindset and those who enable it.
This childless devil is not fit to be pm anyway 
I Know We Have Talked About It Be4...But Jeff Deep State Sessions SHOULD CLAMP DOWN on The Shit!....DAMMIT!
Won't say if he believes Q is real, or if so, that he asserts that it's real. 
An angry White generation is coming. 
My only hope is that Shannon is safe----- The left is pushing for a fight. I hope they know what they are in 4..... It will get ugly in a heart beat.
And when they have white kids too it is just plain sadistic
Here is an update on current world affairs... wtf... we now return you to the regular scheduled program...
Just more money we have to spend on these degenerate abominations.  Let nature take it's course.  https://www.nbcnews.com/health/health-news/study-finds-health-risks-transgender-women-hormone-therapy-n890031
Why are Democrat women so ugly? Honestly, what a difference from Republican women. Anybody else agree?
Mind virus infected cucks sure do. No healthy white man would. 
Forensic is an anagram for forescin.
whats a refugee contractor and why should I give two shits what this pick wants
bitch, i thought you died a decade ago
The commie/marxist/libtards line up to smear Judge Brett Kavanaugh... http://adriennescatholiccorner.blogspot.com/2018/07/the-commiemarxistlibtards-line-up-to.html
Interesting how they all want to part of the club but don't want to share the expense equally! I believe it's time to get out and stay out!
He only thinks he is a zionist, he just a pawn like most of the Jews. The Jewish elite have intentions of all the low level idiots to be eradicated to make way for their new dumbed down slave race.
Oh come on. Brett Kavanaugh was the choice of Beltway "elites," who put enormous pressure on him. McConnell personally called to ask for this pick. Whether he bowed to it, is not even relevant. The judge who would've been acceptable to all wings of his base, was not chosen. https://kek.gg/u/fNd8
It’s as simple as doing what Obama did but in reverse! Wait till they get here, have buses waiting at the border....AND SHIP THEM THE FUCK BACK TO WHERE THEY CAME FROM! Not our problem, not our burden! https://www.breitbart.com/2018-elections/2018/07/10/dhs-migrants-are-leaving-their-children-the-united-states/
Americans wake up! The opposition to #MAGA is the fucking Jews!! Who are the (((Left))), who are the (((Free Masons))). (((Who))) are the globalists?? 
No kidding. If we can just make God anything we want him to be, why not a unicorn that shits 6 packs?
What's the deal with European houses and apartments having only one toilet? Sometimes a place will have three bedrooms, one bath, two shower rooms, and one fucking toilet. They don't even shower that much! Also, no built-in barbecue pit is a fault that almost every place outside the south of Brazil has that should be corrected immediately.
I would love to learn how to do that. I would make so many Hitler statues 😁
Peat Polosi and Repeat Schumer speaking out. Their nose was up Obama's ass so long they can't smell their own shit. 😎👍
GAH!!  What a nasty, horrible bitch!!!
And we don't give two fucks what you pretend to think in attempt to silence us.
It's troublesome af. You have them make the claim that they refrain from touching but, first, bull, I don't believe you and 2nd even if you aren't lying (yet), I still don't want you around kids leering for them. Think about how Lena Dunham hasn't been run out of town on the rails like she should be.
Those urban intellectuals have quite a sophisticated vocabulary compared to us simple rural and suburban retards ;)
I swear I've seen some dragfag on tumblr like that, and he's odd. He's a Right leaning-centrist. I don't even know.. Lol
for a "grown up" I sure do giggle to myself while randomly thinking about midgets a lot.
Put her ass in GITMO until she does 
Your supposed to be red pilled, but your eyes wide shut.
Oh  this is sweeeeet.  The Trump Curse  Bwahahahahahahahahaha  & CNN nor MSNBC have run to interview her.   Bwahahahahahahahaha   she is their girl  One Ho to another HO
He did fuck all except promote violence against white people give money to terrorism and try and start a racewar... Useless President who still comes up first on auto-correct after typing President ..Deepstate also.. 
This shitshow is just as disgusting and aggravating as I thought it would be. 
It’s a jackass pure and simple. Got kicked off @twitter for saying his polotics are retarded.  Free speech over at twitter? Not ! 
The expected perjured testimony of FBI's poster boy corrupt liar Strzok puts worthless deep state tool Sessions on center ice. My bet - no consequences as usual for all anti-Trump fifth #tcot #ccot #kag #lnyhbt #wakeupamerica
Israeli women "fight every day"? That jewish propaganda bullshit. The United States has given Israel everything because the rat jews control our banks and Wallstreet. All the latest hardware, given for free, so Israeli women can take a photo op in a skirt with a gun and think they actually did anything. Thats all you have in 1000s of years of history. lol. 
Gotta wonder if Karl was circumcised before or after the adadictomy. 
SEE ME LIVE ON SEXCAMS 11pm 2300hrs PST #MakeMeCum 
Some Christians treated you poorly, while others defended you to the death. Hitler wasn't a Gentile, he was a Rothschild, or half Jewish. The Americans tried their best to take out the ovens that Jews were being shoveled into. We gave you a home after the war with opportunity.  http://humansarefree.com/2011/05/adolf-hitler-was-rothschild-proof.html
Ragheads & OTHER Communists running the UK into the ground need to fuck off and let opposing viewpoints be heard!
Democrats are tribal until a real socialist is running (Bernie Sanders). Democrat swamp creatures are the most bitterly partisan/tribal of all except the CBC.
Fuck Antwon Rose.    The officer will walk.   
Niggers always act like feral animals. 
notice in the article it never says the waitress was white and the attacker was black. but you know damn well if the tables were turned, they would blast the races of both. Why is it this way? I hope the waitress finds the bitch first, and pays her back 10 fold. Of course, the waitress would be called a racist. lol so messed up...
Hamas plans to launch exploding drones into Israel, IDF warns ‎ https://buff.ly/2mepNGg
UPDATE....  There was more Emails between FBI Lovers Peter Strzok & Lisa Page released today.....via Lawsuit, & they are full of calling other FBI Agents "Bad Names" etc, among other bad revelations! Just more examples of the CANCER in the organization that taints the Agency! 
Once again... feel free to join the rest of the planet in the 21st century.  I know it's hard for some people to move on.... but there's professional help for that.  Your 5th century argument is irrelevant... I look at what's happening now... not 1500 years ago.  Fuck me how pathetic can you be son
This super low IQ pussy, is just trying to revive his shit stained, failed career, such as it was, so he can pay for more failed plastic surgery. http://nosejobsurgerybeforeafter.com/mickey-rourke-plastic-surgery/
You obviously know less about manufacturing than my mother does; a person who uses a set-up CNC machine is known as an "Operator", moron. You create nothing, and have never seen a machine shop, because if you had, you'd know a successful one like ours has CNC machines from before you were born in daily use.
 the idiot who butchered his face to the point no one recogizes him
The retarded sjw/feminist/blm/antifa meaning (brainwashed) people, paid for something that doesnt cost 30k 
when I have time I will put all the bits together for u lazy fucks who support a pedo who abandoned his kid cause of his paranoia and now dumb cunts like you believe a pedo cop "took his first born" unless you've heard his claims it was the Australian gov that made her leave him.... lolololol NONE of you are actually Truthers.
Right now we are buying shitty Costco pizza.  Only $10.00
Of course he admires the members of the military who are cannon fodder for a greater israel.  It's after they come home and are of no more use that they are allowed to die for lack of medical care in this jew controlled nation.
OK, I admit that the info I got on that was a long time ago on a different WN site. If you have knowledge of a website I can look up, it will be helpful to educating my old ass.
All these faggots know these "hearings" are just puppet theater for the goyim!
Exactly, they can't please people these days. For all the shit the police deal with they get treated like shit in return, very sad >.>
Too many African slaves... Must be African overpopulation...
Calling me a queer boy yet your bashing woman...seems kinda ironic...i dont have to prove anything to someone who is  putting white woman in the same catagory as jews and niggers....seems jewy to me....
Mike had a full time tucking assistant Definitely a shower not a grower. 
Watch⬇️ Progressives don’t care 
Check globalist Foreign Affairs mag for agenda   https://www.foreignaffairs.com  
Yep.  What I want to know though, who the fucks going to follow up on this report and start jailing these scum.  It looks like the whole DOJ is involved.
Men have always gone to war to protect the women and children.  If the women are fat feminist toads and our children are a bunch of tranny shit turds then rest assured.. the military will dry the fuck up.
Thank you for your service, Sir, and being/staying one of the good guys. ❤️  We really need death to all swamp monsters. By public hanging, preferably. Ideally, on Pay Per View to raise funds for creating Utopia.
You're outnumbered by Nazi sympathizers 10-1 on gab buddy. Go back to twitter with your other zio-slave white people
Everyday I find myself hating niggers more n more. Now I’ve always hated this creature, and never thought it could go deeper. It does. I will be a happy man to watch nigger confidence slide into fear. 
Art deco, now that was architecture, not the post modern cubist abstract garbage we see today.  New buildings look like someone did an abortion on the plans halfway through and winged it the rest of the way.
its amazing how fucking stupid the 'smart' people are 
Good let's leave and they can become Russian   GFY Girlz 
I know how to recognize simple stupidity when I see it. Every moron who says something too dumb for words hides behind the claim that it was meant as a joke. You're the joke here. Ha ha.
Afghani lives don't matter. 
And that's the problem. Not gonna win if you don't do damage and this stalemate isn't a victory; moral or otherwise. This is something I learned as a kid. You can go ahead and be nice, but bullies won't learn until you make them hurt and SJW's are bullies; that's something KiA should be able to agree with.
TRANSLATION - WE MUST BRAINWASH THE GOYIM EARLY TO MAKE IT STICK IN THEIR MINDS SO THE TRUTH BECOMES HARDER TO BELIEVE. These kikes know exactly how to keep the lie going, get them while they are young with indoctrination that is state enforced. FUCK ISRAEL AND THEIR HOLOHOAX
have you all noticed that DNC also stands for an abortion procedure? that's one fucked up thing!!
fuckoff, I've got better thing to do than entertain morons
So Many Lesbian women I know are Bi-polar or some mental meds.. #Facts Prove it.   New data on lesbian, gay and bisexual mental health http://www.apa.org/monitor/feb02/newdata.aspx
JEWS ARE FUCKING EVIL & VILE! NO MORE EXCUSES FROM THESE REPUBLICUNTS! TIME THAT THESE DEGENERATES BURN FOR THEIR EVIL! STOP THE QLARP! STOP THE CUCKSERVAJEW BULLSHIT! JUST CUT IT OUT! YOU FUCKING COWARDS ARE CREATING THIS DYSTOPIAN NIGHTMARE WHILST CALLING US NAZI... YOU FUCKING SORRY FILTHY BASTARDS DESERVE WHAT IS COMING!
San Diego "man" who assaulted his wife with a chainsaw is an ILLEGAL ALIEN who's been deported 11 times. 
looks like a morons fancy dress party and looking at it I mean DRESS
Because the Retarded Pot Smoking Party will never defeat the Jews.  God favors the Army with the most cannons.
This spic is a TFL---Total Fucking Lowlife
A number of the unreconstructed Southerners have been referring to the US as Weimerica for quite some time.   And yes does sort of have that sort of vibe to it doesn’t it depravity for its own sake.
Oy vey! This Goy knows, and is asking the wrong questions. Shut it down!
HE'S "BLACK WHEN CONVENIENT", like Tiger Woods. When it will gain them sympathy or popularity, suddenly they're "down with the brothas!!". It's pathetic!!
Sippy cups for their intellectually challenged clientele. Apparently kept putting the straws up their noses.
Now that PEDOPHILES are using it as a platform - any kid in their area will be Fair Game - to be hunted.  Otherwise, Facebook would not have a poll about it - to enable these perverts.
Should promote diarrhea for faggots, so they fxxk each other better
Lol.  Hitler most certainly was elected.  He didn't start the war.  Poland was provoking Germany for four years.
The more "tolerant" the LGBT community becomes the less "tolerant" it actually is. 
U neo-nazi's and Muslims have tried for 70 years to "kill them all" Yet you FAILED-'cause UR fucking losers. DEAL WITH IT LOL
@AnnCoulter @AnnCoulterTweets @TeamCoulter #Anntensity 
hay joe you are a fucking joke , you must be a jewish plant no one can be that stupid in 2018 .. the holocaust is a lie fuck wit 
Exactly 4 years ago...in 2014 --- had drawn out the scenario of 2018.....for Nawaz Sharif.....we could see his path was heading towards death or jail and humiliation along the way.....Alhamdolillah! 
suck it up,u cant recognise true leadership if it bit u on the ass!..u been Trump-ed !!
I know there are many people who have a problem with the concept of Jew on Gab, but I would have let 10,000 Frank families in and kept the Marxists @ the Frankfurt School out. We should have let Hitler deal with Cultural Marxism his way.
Both, plus he's an asshole.
When I was a kid, there were few jet planes and their vapor trails. Today there are thousands of jets flying, leaving vapor trails. Coincidence? If all the jet trails are chemicals, why don't we see any results? The way hackers get into things, we would have seen some evidence of chemtrails by now.
DOZENS OF CHRISTIAN VILLAGES IN NIGERIA WIPED OUT IN MASS MUSLIM KILLING SPREES. 
He bailed on his Wife and kids. Dude is a piece of shit. The real sick fucks are his “Mommy and Daddy”.
All races want to breed with Whites, live in White countries, learn White languages, adopt our looks, our mannerisms, our NAMES. Love us, fuck us, kill us, live with us. Love/hate is a powerful combo, on the other hand all Whites want is some space to ourselves!
President needs to unseal this POS's records. We will never have another black president when this happens.
You channel your outrage to protest your government’s plan to replace you and your family with mud people.
you should see Maryland and NY drivers, most where I live will let you over, in Maryland and NY they take that shit 
Summer Solstice 2018 Obama attends a luciferian right with best friend and sidekick Charles "luciferian" Arthur to renew his vows to Daddy bush and the Popes NWO
WOW!! 10 Downvotes! Guess Soros paid trolls and filthy kikes got paid today!!
You again?!  A hundred thousand cocks up your mother fucking mother's mother fucking kunt, motherfucker!  Fuck you!
What the fuck, Goy? You aren't supposed to notice these (((patterns)))!  They are just a (((coincidence))). Nothing to see here. Move along.
I can believe it. Indeed, above us is an actual homosexual mafia with kike agitators. Few things are despised more than a straight man, especially a straight white man trying to get pussy.
Should have dropped a bomb on Winston Churchill 
1) Throw thirty dumb-fucks in a 10-foot by 10-foot carnival pen, 2) stand a drooling regressive spokes-hole twenty feet in front of the pen,  3) and with the magic of a telephoto lens they make it look like a huge crowd.
Former CIA Officer: Clinton "Involved In Biggest Treason In History" 
 James Brown body double sewer mouth 'impeach45' mad #Maxine Water ...and her mad supporters needs to be waterboarded then straightjacketed from politics! https://youtu.be/KpXI9zmnyb4
Not a jew just one of the multitude that agree you are all bigoted retards. 
Technically Im Prussian but my great Greats spoke Polish. They built schools, & churches,  and homes and logging businesses in N. Ontario #Ottawa Valley and FOUGHT & DEFENDED #CANADA,  proud to have been welcomed here. THIS IS CANADA'S CULTURE not trudeaus version of low life's
#thenoseknows a goodgoy always follows the money crumbs and not it's heart. #thanksjews
Time to stop all Chinese immigration including students and visitors. They are all spies and enemies of the USA.
Yep. So, pull troops from Germany, reposition in Poland  (they want us, they'll do their part, they are like minded, they are in strategic location. Strong ally)  If NATO cleaves to old purpose, ditch them. Make individual alliances w/ strong like-minded allies who, like Poland, honor their commitments. 
Maybe some one should tell that Suck Ass  Cohen from Tenn. This is what a Purple Heart looks like..
POP A CAP TO HER HEAD, PUT HER OUT OF HER MISERY!
Abortion is child sacrifice to the jew god Moloch.
An organization like AIPAC in support of any other country would be called treasonous.
You know we have a three strikes and your out law, for our own citizen's. So why the frack isn't there one for these illegal invaders? Once again the DNC takes a position that in effect says. YOU the American Citizen are a second class citizen. YOUR interests and concerns are to be secondary to scumbags like the one in the story above.
The little puddle of blood on the floor was the kicker.  White people, taking care of business.  $50,000 bond is jack shit for those charges, for an asshole with prior convictions.  This is a "Name the Judge" scenario if I ever saw one.  One guy needed 16 stitches.  Too bad someone didn't have a gun.
And they continue to do so, R'abbi. It's as simple as that. (((The enemy))) wants to take over the world, and they want to kill you and me. Heretical rabbis they will burn at the stake, incidentally. So what will we do about it-?
Same appears to have happened to Slatty, since being totally outed (name address work if you can call it that.  Same day Edel’fuck’nEvil overdosed he gets to realise he’s outed andin deep trouble.  I guess that’s why he’s not on here much now.
It was about a meme where a woman was claiming abortion to be beautiful... so the person i called trash couldnt even see my comment
You can't even write or spell in a grammatical manner, and simply hurl incoherent insults, which are utterly meaningless - I conclude that you are a pathetic, ineffective troll. You are also a total moron. GAB will regard you as a ridiculous joke - which you ARE - and treat you accordingly, you mentally ill RETARD. 
Oh really Nancy?  You're sharp as a tack these days aren't you....this must be so hard to watch.  You have no more influence and it really bothers you.  Too bad, suck it up, your days are numbered!!  Nancy Pelosi: Russia has something on Trump, explains ‘his refusal to stand up to Putin’ at summit. https://tiny.iavian.net/nue3
Zionism is a political stance, not a religious one. You can be anti-zion, and not hate jews. Just like you can supoort soldiers but not like those giving the orders. The days of screaming anti-semite to end conversations is OVER. Zionists are the nwo and evil. No amount of fake crying is going to change that.
So your "great country" killed him and you still say it is a great country? what was he doing in Iraq anyway? maybe one of those wars your "great country" has made up that has murdered millions? what a great country! /s Not like other countries are better anyway, but your posts doesn't make sense.
STOP MAKING LIBERAL/SOCIALIST/PROGRESSIVE/COMMUNIST OUT OF YOUR CHILDREN.!!! 
HANG 'im 
Liberals always thinking gay. Faggots!
What ever happened to the days when Judges were on every mafia hit list and car bombings were the norm? You know, the good old days?
Very nice! I tend to get tired of the constant stream of ridiculously large breasted anime women that get posted.
Not a fucking thing isreal and the jew is like a blood sucking tick
Libtard Meathead Rob Reiner's latest film earns only $41,000 on it's opening.  
https://youtu.be/ZoxdqGBX8fU  
Right so we're off to a flying start. We're got one. A man who's only actual power is to be able to possibly change the bus timetable in Sheffield, that's it. He has no power, it's a publicity stunt no more. So, we've got one...any more?
Seems Clinton’s are The progenitors of the Panama papers. Hello class, today we learn how to hide illicit money. 
Hi I'm fauxlocaust and I'm running for King of Utopia. 
backstreet and on the 'down low'.  fooled the chicks thats for sure. homos forever. 
We need a black man as president to make real change for the people!  Obama. We need a rogue president to save us from the deep state!  Trump. What do you think most people will be suckered into next?  "Q"-type rebels within 'government'? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qPaMKzh4gvo
Unless you're Tarzan, come at me w a spear, & I deflect it w a STICK, grab the spear & beat you to death with the blunt end (have to visualize me grabbing it) for even THINKING of spearing me!  OR: I see said spear, shoot you for even THINKING of spearing me! Best thing to do w a spear? Break off the knife, use the stick, use the knife. 2 weapons easier to use than a spear.
HAHAHAHAHA, YOU REALLY BELIEVE ALL THESE ATTACKS ARE INDEPENDENT ACTORS? At least they replaced the "XX" with a real name, hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha 
This is what happens when you import too many Halal butchers...
How in holy hell do they expect to "out breed" other people when they keep having abortions? Leftists are insane.  also, they can take their bigotry and bullshit identity politics and shove it up their "tolerant"  moonbat asses.
Oh yeah? You want to relive naziism and lose again??
Fuck both of the criminals. 
That shit is so stupid. Did you see the French team? They were mainly Africans and Middle Easterners.
shit libs are sub human
how do you know? did his dick taste like shit?
She's exactly right. The kike media pushes  White females to mix with niggers and other non-whites as a way to foster our destruction.
Conservatives aren't terrorists like Antifa. As much as I have entertained the thought of breaking shitlib's windows, I know that it's wrong to destroy private property. Liberals have no morals, thus they break windows. 
I see you, too, you fucking SHLOMO KIKE LOVER. GET THE FUCK OUTTA HERE, YOU ADL SERPENT.
At this point, no press criticism of Trump about anything will be legitimate. No need for all you social media warriors to post outrage! at the latest thing bleated out on CNN or Fox News.  They swung for the fences the past two days and looked like immature hypocritical fools striking out. Fuck the press.
My parents said don't mix, think of the children.  It messes with their head.  More specifically they told me not to date blacks for they tend to abuse their women more than white guys.
Jeeze, you’d think Trump would have lit a bundle of black babies alive the way the Left is shitting itself.  
Fuck Israhell... I suppose they'll have karma bite them hard eventually
⚡️ “India's Mother Teresa care homes inspected for alleged child trafficking” 
That kind of blatant & unfunny harassment is going to get you banned from the Group. Delete your shit & keep your comments on topic. Namely: discussing hentai. Don't be a fagget.
And Libertarians don't think you are free to refuse to bake the effing cake.  Oh no, lock yer ass up they will if you aren't for weeb and butt sex.
A Jew banker.  That's a first
Thats effectively just banter and not an argument. The reasons for "collectivism" are perfectly sound. You can't refute an idea simply by psychoanalyzing the people who hold that idea, I.E. "people who like guns are just insecure and have small dicks". 
I've noticed that they say they're "Pro-Homosexual", but they sure post a ton of homophobic stuff when they can't think of anything else. Other lefties that dare call them on it are shunned soon after making that mistake.
test fuck ejaculate mother cheez whiz 
Putin is allowing in Afrikaner refugees. Because you know he's such a puppet of ZOG/NWO, etc. LOL. @SvenLongshanks
Hope they remember what their teachers taught them when some muslim is abusing their arse or cardboard vagina,go for it dumb shite
How democrats think this is sane is beyond me. You will find out the terrorist have bought in to our gov. and this shit is the result of the traitors selling out America.  
clearly you're not very intelligent rosemairi. if yellowstone blows, the entire world will be fucked beyond belief. people like you are ridiculous with this "hurr durr, bring on the revolution" nonsense - I highly doubt you are anywhere near even slightly prepared for such an event, let alone with a supervolcano thrown into the mix. get real
Fuck Facebook. Its a dying platform.   But infowars should remain just to spite the mentally ill.
I have the caucacity to not give a shit about starving nigglets in apefrica.
What is congress so afraid of if Trump speaks to Putin? THAT HE WILL GIVE AWAY 20% OF THE U.S. URANIUM? OR THAT TRUMP WILL LET HIM INVEST VERY HEAVILY IN OUR POWER GRIDS AND PLANTS? OH WAIT THATS WHAT OBAMA AND HILLARY DID ....!!
Even with the Dems getting a fresh face it will not work.  They have no platform and a super lousey history of screwing up the country big time with heavy taxes, going deep into debt, and causing severe world problems.  They are way too corrupt and don't care about the people of USA.  This organization is going to fall apart very soon.
Its not good enough to be islamaphobic. I think every normal rational human being should be islamabloodyterrified of this totalitarian, expansionist theocracy which flouts human rights and supresses free speech. Je Suis Charlie!
Napa Sky Full Of Strange Clouds
seriously almost the stupidest post I have read this week possibly this month who the fuck travels hopefully this is some overeducated jackass trying and failing to show how "enlightened" they ain't
hes a scum bag to...
THEY ARE CONTROLLED BY LIBERALS.   THEY ARE A CURSE TO ANY PEOPLE
FUCK THE RACIST OLD YELLOW MEAT UGLY FAT SKANK
I take it the cop was WHITE.  Or does it even matter to this uncivilized POS?  Does he see how black people live in other countries?  Has any nation outside Africa ever elected a black President except the USA?  What a total brainwashed jerk.
#Whites are becoming more acutely aware of the United Nations’ #ReplacementMigration agenda for #WhitePeople across the West, and we vehemently reject #WhiteGenocide.
This is why #Muslims haven't contributed anything to the world in 1400 years.
I find @a humorous.. 
No matter how hard he cuck's they're going to hate him anyway. He should just go full 1488.
The mainstream left is afraid things are polarizing and destabilizing too quickly. They want to keep things civil so they can continue their destruction of the slumbering masses. I hope they continue their purges and all hell breaks loose.
Mr Obama just visited us here in South Africa and incited the blacks to hatred of the whites - the sick prick.
The mainstream, establishment Left under Trump is orders of magnitude loonier, more paranoid, less composed than even the fringiest, far-Right, Tea Party nutjobs were under Obama.
Flo looks like a right old Tranny!
https://www.sgtreport.com/2018/07/exposed-peter-strzok-grew-up-in-iran-and-saudi-arabia-worked-as-obama-and-brennans-envoy-to-iranian-regime/ 
its typical of the jew to argue that right-wingers are low iq and to defend truly low iq minorities
Anything that requires counting past ten is too complicated for flat-Earthers. Keep it simple, the more pictures the better.
From Julius Streicher’s Der Stürmer: 
 Buy Pipedream Products Fantasy X-Tensions Vibrating Real Feel 1-Inch Extension. Intensify pleasure : http://shop.abigbuttandasmile.com/product/PD411821/vibrating-real-feel-1-inch-extension-beige #Vibrating_Real_Feel_Extension #Fantasy_X-Tensions #penis_extension #male_sex_toys #Pipedream_Products
That Titans trailer looked like shit.
i hear that comment a lot; its very widespread. However i do not know why he chose to execute Barbarossa, or why he wanted to invade Moscow. Surely he didnt know it was suicide? YES THE BOLSHEVIK EVIL ROT was CENTERED there but honestly it LIVES EVERYWHERE. in EVERY EVIL corner of the world. Perhaps he just wanted to be done with his doublecross of Stalin? IDK...
whoppi  IS VERY DISTURBED EVIL FAT UGLY YELLOW MEAT SKANK 
Me too. Makes my blood boil. Those stupid brainwashed, clitless cows.
Woopie said that she didn't have Trump-Derangement-Syndrome.  All that idiot does is bitch about Trump -- she never shuts her trap, she just doesn't have enough brain cells firing to realize it. Could be hereditary, if Woopie is her real name her parents must have been mentally disabled.
She should take a walk through no-go zones...  The world would be a better place.
I'm downvoting you dude. These things you're posting suck!
Putin my right hand is waiting for your scrotum
Why would America want skilled white immigrants when we can have hordes of immigrants with no marketable skills, guaranteed to be a financial burden on US taxpayers for the rest of their lives?  #FreeShitArmy 
Actually I'm also a layman cleric. You are the marxist demanding your lesbian democracy!
Old and busted: Democracy dies in darkness. 
I agree there idiots that need to be in a mental institution
Whose the retarded bitch waiting for winter?
Flattards have an explanation for that one. They demand that you go south instead of east-west. Then they never travel south. Always one excuse or another.
That’s your ass talking because your face knows better😏🤷🏻‍♂️
When the 1965 Immigration Act was foisted on this Nation, everything went to shit.
I'm almost at the point where I give zero fucks. I've come here to kick ass and fuck - and I'm all out of fucks.
IF Bannon was smart he wouldn't hire Muslims and race-mixing kike faggots. I have no respect for Breitbart or any other outfit that doesn't NAME THE FUCKING JEW.
I said homosexuality is NOT natural and have been suspended until I take down my tweets, they will have a long wait,I hardly use twitter.
This man is most likely a Jesuit.  The Jesuits are the ARMY of the pagan Babylonian Catholic church - they have a General, known as the 'Black Pope', who holds the real power in the Roman Catholic organisation.  The Jesuit Oath was listed in the Library of Congress, Washington D.C., Library of Congress Catalog Card #66-43354 and was first made public in 1883.  The book containing the oath was vandalised, the page was torn out.  http://www.thenazareneway.com/society_of_jesus_jesuits.htm 
.@TheDemocrats have gone from their old slave plantations to multiracial plantations now called ghettos, barrios, and native reservations.  PRE-ORDER THE BOOK NOW ⬇️ 
I say negro all the time and nigger it’s hilarious to me what’s the problem 
Just another dindu who was a good boy going to college to improve his way of life. 
CNN's Cuomo apparently cannot connect dots accurately.  Sociopaths are successful because they are willing to sell themselves.  Wonder what Cuomo has in his closet.
white is right, brother even hornet!! Sieg Heil!
Think they would be promoting this if it was Swedish men who were going to get fucked by the muslim trash. These countries are sacrificing their women to evil why don't the Swedish men be the ones that need to fuck these savages and raise the children as their own. What no takers..then you are evil.
Lmao... Even Geraldo thinks it was fked... You lose Whoopi..
@RacMusic  
she probably had that many lays in one year for free. foolish girl. 
David, a Jew. Abraham, a Jew. Solomon, a Jew. Mark, a Jew. Luke, a Jew. Saul , a Jew.  You have to believe in the Jew to get to Christianity. There is no Christianity without the Jew.   Your people were in NW Europe for ten thousand years before Babylon,  you refuse that history. If you refuse that history, you are not European. You are an identity cuck.
YOU follow your wife and kids into the bathroom. If anyone asks, you can use the same excuse, "I self-identify as a woman." 
You have insecurities? Fuck you 
In our lingo Whoopi literally means Shit and where this bitch is concerned it,s 100% correct 
RT @dbongino: People Who Still Believe in the Russian Collusion Hoax: 
A woman so ugly it's impossible to caricature her.
If there was ever a reason for CPS, that shit is it.
Read my post again.  Sloooowly this time, dumb fuck.
All these entitled pricks and the Antifa creeps are why other countries hate Americans they have so much but still whine.
Has racist lefty liberal globalist mob vindictiveness claimed another innocent's job? 
Put my link on here 1968 jews gun laws.. these people can’t read. They need a video 😝 🐸 Thanks!!! 
"Your methods are unsound" = pop culture reference meant to portray you as Col Kurtz, of course. Used in the past by prominent cuck Douthat: https://nyti.ms/2LiOgtb Bit of a recent surge in usage -- promoted as Trump image by Mockingbird/ Journolist? https://bit.ly/2my6p7o Interesting coincidence.
#brexit #un #eu #bbcnews #cnn #bjp #pappu #modi #india #wapo #nyt #foxnews #guardian #australia #canada #trump 
Well said. About time someone called him out for talking trash. Mullahs making threats is a joke anyway, you would think one of them might be intelligent enough to avoid sounding retarded, but no. Sorta cheapens the threat when you talk like a five year old off his Ritalin.
So this nasty little bitch Sarah Silverman threatened the anons the other day:
More like how much Cuck can a Woodchuck Cuck.
I call bullshit. We CAN shout White Power. How can they stop us while they allow everyone else to violently call [Color/race] Power while they run amok?  WHITE POWER!  WHITE POWER!  WHITE POWER!  WHITE POWER!  #WhitePride
I think the title is “Gas the democrats, political war now!”
Just get rid of the cunt
This is bullshit. You either have a vagina or a penis, period. This country has gone mad.
He'd be just fine without working another day for the rest of his life. But I'd imagine it'd be pretty difficult for a straight, white, cis-male, with even slightly  right-of-center ideologies to  score a hot piece of ass from within the elitist Holo-wood social class he's immersed himself in. Where Good looks and net worth are in abundance. 
Everyplace needs whites unless you enjoy mass starvation, disease, violence and death, aka Haiti.  Nobody avoids us.  Please.  Prove me wrong or maybe be a little grateful.
Those motherfuckers sunk their dirty teeth into one of my cucumbers in my garden last week. They're really bad this year. I see them almost every night if I look for them. Skunks too.
Just read a report about two male homosexuals adopting a young girl. That little girl will never know the tender comfort and feminine love of a mother. Parent teachers nights to introduce her two dads. Run in and get into bed with dad and dad! And people are trying to tell me this is ok! Maybe it’s me who is not normal!
sanders is a fucking menshevik
When is the Media going to wakeup maybe Muslims should start shooting newspeople oh that`s they already do wakeup mothrfuckers.
This cannot be possible.   I have it on good authority that the Proud Boys love niggers. No way the good negro peoples would hurt someone who loves them so much. 
nobody expects shit from women in this rotten society.
Im sick of a young shitposters thinking they are political when they have no understanding of anything besides trying to trigger the libs. 
what the fuck is that ... does roanna never look in the mirror? and that bike seat sniffer looks interested in something ...lol 
it's almost as if he's either making it all up as he goes along, or is randomly plagiarising other books.
You see , Trump isn't sucking enough jew dick. He has to be sucking 24 hours a day, seven days a week. Trump is only sucking jew dick 23 hours a day , seven days a week. he has 7 hours a week of free time, you see . But if you put a maga hat on a negro that will solve everything, I promise 
WHY do these criminals have access to info that ordinary Americans are forbidden to access? What happened to our “right to know” what the hell the government is doing behind closed doors? We want the fucking truth, damnit! 
Drowns em, leaves em for dead while saving his own ass. Ted Kennedy was barely a man. 
Legacy MSM: "Trump is a spy! Trump is a spy! Trump is a Spy!"  
These sick New World Order fucks are actually drugging and molesting a child right before your very eyes. 
I've got your big OT right here, faggot. 
And now Canadian politicians want to disarm Canadians, dumb fuckers.
Cynics regard everyone as equally corrupt, themselves included. Idealists think everyone is corrupt, EXCEPT themselves and their peers. That makes them bat shit crazy and dangerous. Never trust an idealist.
Funny how for the past 63 years the government can keep people out of Area 51, but can’t keep illegals from crossing the border.
My team idolized this uncreative loser. They suck. I'm firing everyone soon. #darkgab
Glad you Posted that 
If she was a dog, you'd take her to the vet.  Morning Kelly.
I expect no patriotism from anyone that works in Seattle. Nuke the city. No loss.
if I say it, it's anti-semitic & suspect but a Jew turned Christian offers, from the horses mouth, what the world would look like if Jews consolidate (((their))) power over us. https://youtu.be/k68DXCmJ7Jk
Like I said, a troubled mysterymeat fatass
Muhammad (Piss Be Upon Him) agrees. :)
Islam is funded via inner city grocery stores that distribute drugs. 
http://www.foxnews.com/entertainment/2018/07/25/jane-fonda-revisits-hanoi-jane-scandal-it-s-just-horrible-for-me-to-think-that.html  
Eliminate jews and we'd be living on Mars in 50 years.
The feminazis complaining about "equal pay" are going by yearly salary.  They get equal HOURLY PAY for the same work, if not more b/c they're so educated. MEN GENERALLY WORK MORE HOURS, and do more hazardous/heavy jobs. FFS.  As a woman I am so embarrassed by this shit. And male feminists TAKE PAY CUTS to appease these harpies. 
If you have a problem with my page shut the fuck up you stupid fuckin bitch.
I’d give anything to see this little  
Trump himself is a juggernaut!!! 
The lovely Mabel Normand. Born in 1893 at a time feminists tell us women were "oppressed", the French/Irish beauty rose to become Hollywood's first megastar, taught Charlie Chaplin about the movie business and went on to run her own studio. Anglo, white European women were advanced light years ahead of any other women on Earth more than 100 years ago
Facebook has its uses but personally I got sick of seeing wankers showing off their leftist credentials. Fuck that shit. 
Americans wouldn't make a statement like this, realizing the crime against Iranian people by CIA 1953 resulted in deposing the brother of the man (((they))) installed as leader, in 1979. This fuckbot has no earthly reason to desire to see the nation the US shall be destroyed for attacking, Iran, being attacked UNLESS this account belongs to a kike operating mind control in America.
So, when a man commits suicide its an emotionally abusive act and further proof that men are inherently violent.  Nothing whatsoever to do with how women have trained institutions and the justice system to unfairly destroy the lives of men at the drop of a hat. Its official.  She's a FUCKING CUNT.  I hope she enjoys her cats.
"How's it feel getting sloppy sixty-seconds from Old MacDonald's Farm? B'aaaaad?"
WHO CARES THEY’ER A BUNCH OF LIARS
all pedos all child traffickers should be shot and killed and that means hollywood and the msm and  the so called elite democrats! kill them all
The meatballs called Köttbullar are not Swedish, but Turkish. That tweeted the Swedish government. She gives up her claim to her national dish. @chzuercher finds: This nerd policy annoys really slow a bit. 
Fackin' leftists.   Papa Trudeau got the Canadian equivalent of Martial Law because they actually kidnapped and killed people back in the 60s.  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Front_de_lib%C3%A9ration_du_Qu%C3%A9bec
How is "gammon" not a racist slur? 
>Men aren't near as ruined as women are by feminism. >There will always be rando skanks to bone... >...women just end up bitter & sad Men have highest suicide rate by far and the immediate cause: divorce and loss of their children, income, and wherewithal because of it. Divorced women (who initiate divorce at the 75% rate, and collect the lion's share of the benefits like house, car, alimony, child support and other unearned property), and especially divorced mothers, wind up bitter and sad (albeit financially flush), because they become rando skanks to bone, and no one wants to bone them because they are post-wall, bitter, fat, inwardly guilty,  and shamefully sporting some other man's resentful progeny.  Those should be obvious reasons enough why men are actually more ruined than women by fucking feminism. 
Stunning. Americans are right. Democrats are communists. Next step for Americans. Realize Democrats are a threat to our Republic. 
Is it too late to abort him?
https://www.businessinsider.com/air-india-business-class-had-bed-bugs-mumbai-newark-flight-2018-7 
ASSET FORFEITURE is LEGALIZED THEFT!
And of course the Deep State shills Ryan and Gowdy object strenuously.
Haha. @Eric_StrikerDS won't let me follow him any more because I like to remind him that the Alt-Right media embargo on @Patrick_little was RACE TREASON. 
looks like 12 in Methico what a surprise, sickening mexicans should all be euthanized
To McCain:  GO DIE ALREADY!!!!
Obama made ugly a trend sett er
let fagots pay their own way  SICK FACT    homosexuality is a pathology  Easily Proven  Highest Suicide Rate & Anal Sphincter Damage=Fecal Incontinence   Highest DISEASE CARRIERS   Lowest LIFE SPAN  AND THAT is just for starters!   Because queers ARE NOT NORMAL  1974 AMA Reversed Ruling homosexuality is not a pathology  BY QUEER DOCTORS  BIAS?   Yeah!  queer Bias!
Fartbook is for those that like to be controlled and ruled and force-fed enough spam to make you ill.
The fact that people still think twatter doesn't suck. It's just a testament to the amount of sheep thr are.
#HollyWeird 
Agent Smith, I've read Murray Rothbard's "Anatomy of the State."  I don't trust any of you, starting with Drudge, Fox, and all the rest. You all preach CIA mind control.  Now you're worried, and rightfully so.  We. don't. need. you. anymore.
Whites are not welcome in Africa or Asia. They are very racist cultures. Only whites must accept being diverse. And we are a dying race cause of liberalism 
I dunno, it crushed the fuck out of 92 of the sand niggers so that's a start https://www.theguardian.com/world/2017/apr/15/us-mother-of-all-bombs-moab-afghanistan-donald-trump-death-toll
Women pay less insurance than men, because Canada. A man finds a solution and changes his sex (on paper) to save a lot of money. One can change the official sex without proving you had a sex-change operation.
The "women" in Playboy don't open their legs because they're actually trannys https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bTQjxFnOEHk
Lindsay Shepherd. Wow. The unmitigated agenda bias of the University is tantamount retarded. The members of the Tribunal have the mentality of 14yr old girls. What a sham.
A Belgian land whale? Lay off the waffles woman.
This one just has the classic penis face with beady eyes.  
No one important just a bunch of sluts that didn't know what their mouths were for. 
almost like they were doing shitty on purpose before or something. weird... 
That's the solution to immigrant problem: Tell them they cain't use the bridges; they gots to swim across.  And fish that get stuck in their clothes must be turned over to Homeland Security,
go back to your shithole and learn how to be civilized
I WOULD LOVE TO SEE EVERY SINGLE ONE OF THEM DEPORTED. 😐 
Sickening.  Timmermans totally digusting and very over confident in his destructive message.  We can just hope that the rest of #EU countries follow examples of the old eastern bloc and Italy………..
Should've ripped the cunt's throat out.
>Hitler was gaaaay 
Every now and then, as sure as clockwork, a miserable little Internet #TROLL (such as you) comes along in order to upset the apple cart to the consternation of all #DECENT* people here online!!!!!!!!  GO AWAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  And get FUCKED by a horse's cock if *that* is your ultimate desire!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Obama Foundation building: Not So Fast. 
If you're a democratic, civilized country: walk out! 
Are they aware how creepy the guy is?
I could see Bernard saying that, since the book was published in 2005. 
Cheerios 😂, love it. I'm 6ft bubby, I'd post my photo but I'd worry what you'd do with it.
Laugh of the day💥 
Those bastards will NEVER  be accepted NEVER!
Well, that shit ends, *TODAY*!!!
FUCK "CONgress" - 
It's obvious this asshole tried to block a huge meat truck , no common sense or failed parenting. LOL  
And who the fuck came up with the retarded Canadian "pickle on a stick"???
Payback's are a bitch! Couldn't happen to a better guy!!! 
You're pulling imaginary numbers out of your ass. Where did 2321.2389 come from? Did nobody ever teach you about significant digits?
No, there aren't any white supremacists. You're just using the anti-white jew language they use to demonize pro-white people. And you're afraid of being called racists. The jews conditioned you to feel that way too.
Then you would be a subversive jew.
That twat couldn’t crush a fucking grape ffs
No, am not Jewish..........but i can guess you are a cunt!!
Jonah Goldberg doubling down and pulling out some talmudic shit. 
Like faggots use condoms lol
All of the men are military age: send them back to fight ISIS and whatever is bothering them in their home country! All "the married with children" among them would have left them behind on their own to face the "persecution and war". 
Oh I got shit for that comment but mainly from males... Oh well, I know who the real men are. You for one my friend 😉
DONT BE SENDIN THAT DISGUSTING CREATURE HERE! i know we got the fairest haired pansy in politics fuking everything up for us now, but do you really hate us that much as to handicap us completely? cmon brothers and sisters.. we're on the same team
Someone give her a carrot and some hay.
That not Barbie,it's a Muslim doll.I will not but it.
Matthey Hickley must be a woman. No man could be so illogical.
i want to see swedes raped to death collectively
It's exactly parallel fuck nut. 
Despite their situation, Boers are the biggest cucks on this planet. The church has brainwashed them with the "niggers dindu nuffin mentality". Because this is a PROFITABLE state of affairs for the church.
They have now elected a nigger woman for mayor.
give her a peach--right up her bung hole
Do you mean to tell me that their IQ is lower than that of a jellyfish!
He might be a libtard.  Some libtards come here to be beaten, like Judge Dread-
Great more fking Kenyans? What has EVER been improved with MORE Kenyans?
That was a truly IGNORANT thing to say, not to mention illiterate.
New #Atheists’ Views Of Murder Prove Jordan Peterson Is Right About Where Atheism Leads
What is this nigger shit?
<sarc> Another hillary clinton as a brunette photo? </sarc>
Muslims can diddle them easier.
You would say we are not a people, ok you have your autistic definition. We are a group of peoples that have a shared history and have contributed more to the world, both ancient and modern than any other group.  I'm curious are you a Jew?
You have no idea about Kenyans.  they are Islamic Muslims courtesy of Obama's family.  Anytime you hear or read about Kenyans' first thought to your mind is Obama the Muslim.
"Pope Francis 'changes' Church teaching on death penalty, says it is immoral."  Ironic.  I think Francis and all of his kid-diddling charlatans should kill themselves in the public square.
I would like to know how many discoveries and inventions came out of her country of origin? 
Bummer! The tree probably saved some innocents walking or driving along who inadvertently become victims of these pituitary retards. Driving a stolen car like Colin Macrae is no different to waving a loaded gun round IMO but one you get a slapped wrist the other is half of a police force plus Helo and lots of Heckler&Koch’s. 
Trump did fund planned parenthood.  Trump is just another puppet of our Jewish masters.
CATHOLCISM is the ROOT of all Christianity. Just remember, more than likely, your ancestors were CATHOLIC! Should they be condemned to hell for leaving the church and following Martin Luther? BYE 
Time to turn on OAN lying faggot Shep is on.
Shave the legs and the beard dear, you are never going to 'pass' looking like that LOL
But, but, we are the Electoral Commission, we are "impartial" and "unbiased". <<< The horse sh*t from these #Remoaners is unbelievable. 
A Columbia University sociologist recently published a study showing that much of the academic research into President Trump’s voters is marred by prejudicial designs, distorted data, and outright misrepresentations. https://t.co/YNsgGtubbm
RT @NoahPollak: "bends the bounds of stand-up" is a euphemism for "is not funny" https://t.co/TYtQYrAiFw
Nogs! Let them starve slow and painful. I don’t give one damn about the future commercials with skinny  noglits with flies all over them wanting money after they chased whites off productive farms 
This cute ad triggered the shit out of the Left. 
Hahahahaha threatening us with a scrawny AIDS infested nigger with a shitty knife cutting up a baby chicken? 😂😂😂😂 
IQ70 noggers are always arrogant AF.
The only satisfying thing about that POS @acosta is knowing our WONDERFUL @POTUS lives Rent Free in that whiney bastards head 🤯🤪
SORRY LOOKS LIKE IT`LL BE THREE POSTS NOW   ANYWAY, NOTHING IS BEING DONE ABOUT LOCKING THESE ASSHOLES UP  HILLARY HAS KURU DISEASE FROM BEING A CANNIBAL 4 YRS &YRS AND RAPING AND EATING CHILDREN  SHE SHOULD BE LOCKED UP BUT SHE IS STILL FREE TO DO HER EVIL SHIT  JUSTICE IS NOT BEING SERVED   LARRY KLAYMAN SAYS CITIZENS GRAND JURIES AND ARRESTS IS THE ONLY WAY   PLS JOIN HIM
LOL - let that dimwitted Korean female talk! At this point even The Onion beats the New York Times when it comes to real news: https://local.theonion.com/we-must-protect-the-pure-aryan-bloodline-says-child-1826868946
Jew hating is an omen of doom @rsmccain
White men need to lift/train and be ready for shit to go sideways at a moments notice. it can/will and if you are not prepared you will be shown no mercy. They hate us
Yep, they are Labour's Brownshirts.  Intolerant, violent and vile.
Sweden has a massive migrant problem 
Look at his eyes, crackhead for sure!
Can't be in San Francisco. Why? Hasn't got shit all over him.
Looks like a paedo faggot, it's not called the Jewdicial system for nothing.
Ah yes, the usual "If you don't love us then fuck you" message.
Islamic ideology.. blind following of a deity is insane 
I have stopped counting all of the actors in Hollywood I have come to despise. This clown is just one more. Pedophilia is just that and I refuse to support these sycophants by paying to watch their demonic crap. Hollywood could completely disappear and I could not be happier.  
Yeah, white niggers. They are most of what's coonsidered "white" today. Mongrel satanic abominations that worship jews and niggers.
I hope she gets sodomised by a gang of Somali Street shitters. 
It's the plan for white genocide.
This bitch needs to get a clue. It’s bigoted weirdos like her and Maxine Waters that keep racism alive in this country....most people don’t even think about race, it just doesn’t matter. We are all Gods creation. He wanted us to be different colors so we are. The word Creation kind of implies Creativity. God is not boring.
Roger that, remove the head shit I don't give a dam about your religion!
In the Cold War era "student protests" in US were funded by the Kremlin. Its documented history. "Student protests" are NOT students (they contained paid actors & some 'useful idiots') CIA, MI6, etc, use "student protests". You didn't recognize that choreographed street theatrics put on for MSM benefit, for TV propaganda, for what it was?  DECEPTION.
i think u mean another nigger
After the left's calls for killing Trump, I have no sympathy for you LibTarded Assholes. 
Nobody cares unless they're shot by a white cop.
Theresa May was groomed by the Illuminati from birth.   Look at the childhood picture with Merkel.   They are all "selected" politicians, not "elected".
STFU dirty kike, I make the rules
Blacks like these men are to be respected & Appreciated in our country  & military but Democrat socialist Niggers belong with Muslims & socialist, they need to be rejected out of America 
The 'gas chambers' are ridiculous. No scientist has ever looked into an alleged gas chamber and concluded it made sense. 
Every year California burns.  MAYBE they should do some research to verify whether or not these fires are being set by some of the lawless criminals that they keep allowing into the country through their porous borders???
Ok, so @a has broken the ability to edit or delete posts, weird.  Fix that dumb shit.
What does that have to do with fairy gay neo-Nazi socialist faggot bitches?
MFer. Stealing from White people. It's what "they" do. If the S Africans starve to death it serves them right. I wish Trump could run machine guns to these White people for their protection.
NYT does defend (((dirty communists)))
Then what in the fuck-all is in your job descrip, snowflake? 
Here is the indictment. Read it! The event took place over a year ago but he is being charged now when a write in candidate would be the only option for a Republican to keep a seat that was an absolute win otherwise. This is their only allegation against him with a list of charges unsupported in the indictment. 
I find it disappointing that so few people on social media are not exposing the Council on Foreign Relations as the deep state & instead are all wrapped around things like race & Qanon why no #OccupyTheCFR protests?
Start getting on to your politicians over stupid laws. They put this shit on the books and the cops job is to enforce it. The loose cigarette ban was as always "to protect the youth" but in reality it protects tobacco companies. People smoke less when they are buying singles. I'm sure there is a tax issue there too. 
If you SEE SOMETHING. 
He was the first Trump supporter!  FYI: Obama has about 30 people who's only job is to create false illegal activity to take down Trump supporters!
Why Hello gab. Good to be on a platform that doesn't censor. Now, let's all try not to be faggots about it.  :D
It's so weird to see this meme right now. I have a friend who was born and raised on a carnival. Not like now days, back in the 40's. They had "freaks" on the carnival that helped bring in more money plus the carnival was often the only place they could go and be accepted for what they were. She told me what were "freaks" then were the real organic kind that were mishaps of nature. What you see today are like processed fast food types....made up and just plain bad.
And now all these T-shirt people (not people ... companies) are blowing up my email, trying to get me to make shirts. 
The Condor Legion: bombing the shit out of communist scum. 
Trump and his Zionist administration aren't going to do a damn thing about any of this. That's why the left-wing tech giants weren't afraid to make their move and start opening censoring right-wingers, because they have learned by now that Trump is "all bark and no bite." Trump is nothing but a paper tiger, which has only emboldened the leftist elites.﻿
considering i'm replying to your bullshit, maybe that's on you for not making a proper argument to begin with. you've brought us to the impasse that you just dont like things others like because "jews".
They should fuck Microsoft. As i alreay wrote here several times, we need #ConservTech companies, buy up radio and TV station, 30 years science,education,politics,culture,welfare,health care, everything was left and given to the left liberal scum whho treasonous poisoned our children with their teachings.
OMG!  No need to even discuss -- kick his ass off before he messes up everything for the rest of us.
I'd rather tend to a garden than attempt to paint my worth in the blood of a dead jewish popsicle on my knees. What you call progress from barbarism has gotten you to the point we are today - hating where we are. Don't blame people for wanting to embrace their true roots. 
Good luck finding a sinless man to swing the axe.
I work for a living so don't have alot of time for this protester Bullshit. I wear a Trump hat daily custom made 4 me. If any asshole wants to try to try to kick my ass over it then they better have some health insurance because they're gonna get their ass kicked and be hospital bound.
You posted nonsense nonstop. 
Don't be a pussy or push on to a more favorable platform. Twits is perfect for intolerant assholes. 
False flag. Symbolism and name calling.Nothing appears to have actually happened other than the whites were afraid to taunt them back. If you're too afraid to even return an insult then PLEASE! YES! any nearby jigaboos DO go and exterminate that genetic trash out of our group,before it infects too many of the rest of us with it's self fulfulling cowardice.
We need to start preparing for civil war
Re_read drops re: Haiti. At some point it will not be safe for them to walk down the street. PURE EVIL. HOW MANY IN WASHINGTON AND THOSE AROUND THE WORLD (IN POWER) WORSHIP THE DEVIL? Conspiracy? Fake News? The World is WATCHING. Q 
Facts are fat in your face when they're easily disproven by reading true history. Again. More bullshit narrative from a whore that wants to suck dick she'll never get. 
Deport the kikes. Israel can pay their own rent. 
QUOTES FROM THE TALMUD 
Whoa whoa...take your meds! Where the fuck did you get race mixing in my comment?
You sure that’s not a tranny ?
Welcome, Justice!  There are a LOT of POTUS supporters and Patriots here!   And I'm glad to see that you correctly label the Leftist Censorship Thugs as Nazis.  You must be familiar with Dinesh D'Souza's work.  I saw his movie last night, Death of a Nation.  Awesome job of showing the racism and thuggish tactics of the Dem party all the way back to Abe Lincoln's time.
you're the little bitch Wolfie - which dogie are you the one on the left or the one on the right?
Worthless negroid thug dislikes member of the Sikh faith. 
well kiddo, i would rather be called an idiot by a troll like you than be called a fucktard by a man like me. good luck in your momas basement, son
The muslims and their cousin jews are born perverts
go check salon dot com its real as fuck
Give it a week, everybody who ever met this guy will admit they knew he was batshit nuts & should never have been allowed anywhere near an airport.  Another near-disaster spawned by affirmative action for the mentally ill. When will we learn?
If the Demoncrats win big in November you will hear the lying media crowing about how they motivated the brown vote to swarm to the polls. If that is indeed what happens then consider it a foretaste of what to expect in 2020 . Focus on building our own pro White movement that can restore White rule,White security and a WHITER AND BRIGHTER future for ourselves.
Trump would utterly DESTROY that dumb bitch. 
Of course my dude, just trying to wake up the normies.
There are a couple search engines out there conservs should all be using right now. Fuck Google microsoft Yahoo all these libtard leftist have declared war on fr speech ..now you know why we have the electoral college Twitter & You Tube are based in San Francisco imagine being ruled by them again like Obama that POS traitor ruled USA or nearly RUINED USA #MAGA 
If you need more information on these marauding, murdering & maggot infested muggles I would be happy to help just give a yell.
Jews believe Jesus was a bastard son of a whore.  LOOK IT UP. or just practice cognitive dissonance and mute me grandma.  If they really believe in Jesus as Christians do, why does their website say this: http://www.aish.com/jw/s/48892792.html 
You may not like it because it is civiv nationalism but a good public speaker can easily win on this type of pure populist messaging. 
thats the killer for me,  They would prefer to bring a rapist to your own door for a few hundred quid.  They would have to take a damn good kicking. 
Hollywood is a shit hole.
Looks like the soy-filled bitch isn't done flagging stuff.  Here's a different version: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Eq-vKgrcxvM
Those bastards have all the angles covered
So many opportunities opening up for online businesses and social media platforms and all you need is the following slogan: 
And you are a liar ,I hate no one race , every race has it's good and bad .
Now they can get outta the ghetto without being in the NiggerBall Association and after Jamal gets shot in the neck for being a gudboi
And well, I could have told her not to even try breaking into the Hugo circlejerk: Scalzi and his merry band of drooling mouth-breathers are so insular even the correct groupthink isn't enough these days. She'd have to be a left-handed midget lesbian Eskimo albino for more token POC cred, and she's a white chick. 3/3 #YesIMadeADeadMilkmenReference
Yep, the antifa anarchists are modern day Marxists.  THEY are the people rioting in DC today and costing taxpayers millions to protect their miserable asses.  From what I'm not sure -- themselves??
RT @JamesHasson20: “F*ck the police,” “no USA at all,” the mostly peaceful anti-hate protestors chanted as they threw smoke bombs at cops and broke journalists’ equipment.
Faggot, fruit-pop, Islame-O loving, little libtard creep!
Most of the Alt-Lite puppets are funded by Zionist billionaire Jews, like Robert Mercer and Sheldon Adelson. That's why they always attack the Alt-Right, never mention the JQ, and are staunch supporters of Israel.   They know (((who))) butters their bread. 
I can't imagine how horrible it is to be her. To get plastic surgery to look more like Bill? To be groomed for presidency when she never asked for it? Women have body issues all the time, but if my own mother couldn't stand that I look like my father? If all that stuff is true, I imagine it is very lonely to be her.
...and they give you the same pouty face as you children.
I, personally, do NOT like Mr. Graham for a whole host of reasons, main one is he is SO wishy washy on EVEYTHING he is the PERFECT example of a RHINO. That said, even a DEAD clock "gets it right" twice a day!  He hit it ONCE! 
I got a calculator at Kroger for 99 cents. It is smarter than AO-C and saved a bundle on tuition at BU!
oh shit, i only see vids
oh no more bloody EU corruption 
Your point was moot to begin with. Individuals looking out for themselves and tribe alone is not a mental sickness, but its a natural state of being. The mouse does not concern itself with the survival of the owl, the owl not concerned about the family of the mice it eats, why should I give a fuck about someone half a world away? Your Moral mountain is a mole hill.
Go go go Trump get rid of the trash ...frankly Mr Strzok we don't give a damn about your opinion !!!!!🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡  take Robin Williams  advice rope is cheap !!!!!! Bye bye
Let us stay inn Hebrews a moment we will get to Jeremiah
what do you expect? She is a fuckin nigger
this is an adult who was never slapped, when she got out of line...she got a trophy for every stupid childrens program, just for participating...this is what you get...A LOSER
Beware of ANYONE defending this guy. They're either a brainwashed zombie or complicit.  
Lol. That's actually not a bad strategy. We'll force the normies and cucks to wake up. 
I do know that you're retarted enough not to be able to write a coherent sentence.
One cannot know what isn't so, only that it isn't so.  So:  1. ALL "#Nazis" think that ALL #Slavs are #Jews? 2. Do you have any specific examples? 3. Stalin, presumably, had ALL #Jews killed? 3.1. If not, then so what if SOME or even MOST were? 3.2. If so, would ALL #Jews include #Stalin himself?  etc.
WE know that mate just have a look at the UK and you can see what Uncontolled Immigration has done! Fucked up a once great country!
Dont do that mate just because some short sighted american asshole cant see further than the end of his nose! They are in the same if not worse predicament than us, we are all in the same boat when it comes to the muslim takeover problem its happening in the USA too, That prick is just looking through rose coloured glasses!
RT @kylenabecker: @ScottAdamsSays They're blowing the white supremacy dogwhistle so hard they've blown their minds right out their earholes
She’s only in front of the media cameras because number one she black number two she feels entitled and number three  wait for it she’s a media whore
Sling ad hominems and rant like a loon and you get the response you deserve. 
Fuck Putin's Russia.  You want a list?  Crimea, support of murderous Assad in collusion with Iran, killing of journalists on foreign soil, etc etc
Uritrottoie,French combination of the words  
I'm spitting nails. 
In the event I am targeted by FB, please like me TODAY on Minds: https://www.minds.com/cynthiamckinney, Steemit: https://steemit.com/@cynthiamckinney, and Gab: https://gab.ai/hq2600/pin/30570454. Like me on these alternative platforms today; I Might not be around on FB tomorrow.
Nigger violates non-disclosure agreement. Trump sues it for millions. LMAO. 
Democrat = Modern term for socialist 
Judge refuses to toss lawsuit accusing Harvey Weinstein of sex trafficking 
why not post everything here... ?? Twitter is becoming a nightmare and facebook is shite. you know that because my Granny uses it... @CountDankulaTV
Antifa are communists, the "nazis" were fighting against the communists back then.   The reason why folks STILL to this fucking day confuse what the "nazis" were, is PURELY down to the holocaust propaganda being fed to kids at schools and the full of shit holocaust movies on TV.   
How much you want to bet that when Ben Shapiro challenged Ocasio-Cortez to a debate, she googled him, listened to him for a few minutes and thought, "I can't debate this man! I don't even know what he is talking about. He would make a jackass out of me. Think quick... Oh I know, I will say he's catcalling me! That will work! Young Turks will back me up. I'm so smart!"
Ronald Reagan, while seeking public office, told a Jewish audience in California that "It might help your cause if you would limit your claims of victims to numbers that you could actually prove." A reporter noted that "the audience began to hiss like geese, in a rapidly rising cacophony while the aspiring politician dashed to the wings LOL
Funny how they are still scared shitless of a 60+ year old meme.
The Vatican doesn't need to be brought to its Knees the #lgbt community infiltrating the church and abusing kids & atheist politicians masqurading as the faithful  that need to be brought to its knees https://downloads.frc.org/EF/EF06K26.pdf
@MATTHEWBRACKEN  THIS IS THE EVIL JEWISH BITCH WHO IS DESTROYING MY MOTHER'S COUNTRY SWEDEN Barbara Lerner Spectre calls for destruction of Christian European  https://youtu.be/MFE0qAiofMQ
Him and his pubic hair beard lol
"If you come at the king, you'd best not miss." Yep. That was a fuckup, alright. And #Brennan has been losing his MIND on #Twitter ever since. Womp womp!
https://www.hrw.org/africa/south-africa   Human Rights Watch. What a Joke.Not a single acknowledgement of the plight of the Afrikaner. But according to them White Supremacists have a friend in Trump. Fuck them.
Read your buy-bull, dumbass! "for in the day that thou eatest thereof thou shalt surely die." - didn't happen. Instead Adam lived to be 930 years old & gave birth to humanity. Also, the snake said, 'you won't die but instead your eyes will be opened' - which is exactly what happened & your lying god even confirms that what the snake said would happen did happen!
The Alt-Right are PRO-Hamas and PRO-Hezbollah for the sole reason that they're also against the Jews just like them. I mean, I myself am Anti-Zionism, but I am NOT Anti-Jew.
I support their rights. I also support them having a 90 lb. Jack hammer shoved up their ass if it makes them feel like we care. 👍😎
Here is what this dumbass REALLY believes. .. pretty consistent with terrorism
@pahubb43  Pope Francis, said America needs to be tolerant towards illegal immigrants flooding our country,  and, hecondemning President Trump on immigration policies. 
This guy is a fucking loon ! Lol !  https://www.portlandmercury.com/feature/2018/08/15/22113502/thank-you-for-not-breeding
" enjoy nigger heaven"    Calvin Candie
Turf this dumb ass douche bag from the bench!  
Minneapolis Star-Tribune Finally Mentions Perjury Allegations Against Muslim Congressional Candidate, After She Wins http://thewashingtonstandard.com/minneapolis-star-tribune-finally-mentions-perjury-allegations-against-muslim-congressional-candidate-after-she-wins/
A. Fuck twatter if you are using it you are the problem B It is free speech why should she delete her views that she hates white people.
As long as there is lots of shooting and terrorist fighting and women that aren't transgenders is what matters. 
@KenMac @JeremiahCoombs I see no unequal yoke between papists & Muslims. Don't yoke w/ either organization if U R a real Christian. #Faith
Re Trump calling Omarosa a dog-It seems when whites do this we are called racist when blacks do it they are called comedians.
i dont even remember the last time i saw a legit flamewar break out on somewhere other than gab. this shit used to be the norm everywher on the internet, it was amazing. now everyone bites their tongue  jews
the so called jews, are not jews at all, but are of CAIN. Western whites are literally the so called 10 lost tribes of ISRAEL. britian is thought to be the children of Joseph, Ephraim (europe) and the US is thought to be Mannaseh (cow pokes). Naturally the children of SATAN, CAINs father, wants to destroy the ISRAELITES the true CHOSEN
Do it right.  Date and marry white. No race mixing, fam. 
I think God is trying to take credit for the "Big Bang".... when it was me that was born ass first... I made a mess of things. I tell ya. I think *I* was the "Big Bang". After all, all the bells and whistles sounded when I came out;-D
Sikhs carry a small ornamental knife. Why? Because their religious law was changed after jihadists tried to invade their land: Every man must carry a sword to kill Muslims bent on killing them. The ornamental knife is still carried as it meets the minimum requirement under their law and custom because a sword is no longer really the effective weapon against jihadists.  If the goatfuckers need another object lesson, they'll use guns this time.
To fuck better boobs over they retouch also the graph. First (screenshot 1) and after photoshop (screenshot 2) Trades also appear where they were not. #Bitcoin #Scam
Tommy confronts reporter  ❗❗❗FUCK YEAH❗❗❗  https://youtu.be/UYrYfOHTsYg
You know, sometimes life kicks the right person in the balls repeatedly at the right time. Now it's up to the voters to give him another come november. Make it a big one by a landslide.  There should be harsher punishments for DUI with stricter sentencing, no time off for good behavior, no variables in sentencing.
#NSFW Probably the one of the very 1st porn vids I ever saw, back in those pre-Internet days in the 1990s, featuring an early top-fave: Ginger Lynn.
you're a little bitch, microchip
You know dirty Moslems eat the bacon on the down low....
Well, Ellison is a Muslim, and Islam views women as about one click above pond scum. Feminist Democrats are 99.9% dead fucking silent on this, even though there's no way they aren't aware of it.
Like to see Kris kick his slobbering commie ass...
"He follows a bastard god created by rabbis" - talk about projecting!
Amazing people and cultures in their own countries of origin. That is true diversity and how you preserve said diversity, not mixing it all up in a "melting pot" society where culture, race, identity disappears. If you agree with the latter then you are anti-Culture, Anti-Races, anti-Freedom. You will not be well welcomed here. 
Libatards thinks the US little contribution of getting rid of straws will take care of the problem. Just like not using coal while India n China continues down the same path.
LEOs are the only thing stopping the niggers from just going full chimpout. Sometimes they do anyway.
That ship sailed a long time ago...  If the blue wave of death comes, it's because sensible people are outnumbered my morons and midwits.
All the incompetent idiots that agreed to these unfair agreements should be taken to court and tried as traitors!!!
american history x said i am gay and it is a stupid jew movie because i only rape my boyfriends out of prison
FUcking democrats, stupid, uneducated, and now out of control...Its Obamas fault.
I present to you: The new #swedish #flag :)
 Fundamentally transformation of       America 😡     No child should have to see this filth
It's interesting how the public will cry out about censorship, Islam etc, yet just seem to turn a blind eye to the law on holocaust denial, 
The only refugees we should accept on the US Mainland are those who have a skill or trade that will allow them to succeed in USA. all others should be placed on abandoned Islands til they can be returned to their homeland. No more Moslems at all they aren't worth the risk to our women and children.
Ralphy boy can kiss my All American Ass
According to this survey, yids are the 2nd favorite group of white evangelical Protestant cucks, after only themselves. In contrast, white evangelicals are kikes' least favorite group. Hymies like muzzies slightly more than they like white Protestant evangelicucks. 
not with Trump in the office. He's worthless
Cuck and now a coward. America is the greatest nation in human history.  Talk shit, better back that shit 
If we do not face the facts about voting in Canada, trudeau will be placed in once again and in the second round, Soros and the rest will be able to, in the span of 8 years, complete the destruction of a 150 + year old Western country with a proud history. ... Get out to vote Conservative CANADA!!!!! We all must rid ourselves of this pimple on our ass!!
World War II was a holocaust on all humanity, just like the first. Fuck war. 
Free speech for the commies to shit on your flag, but dont put a flag in your apartment window or else its a "fire hazard". Stop being pussy conservatives and sticking to the principles that fail. 
Vatican and CIA separate more families from their children through worldwide abduction and child trafficking, than any US border policy.
“Do lower-income U.S. citizens benefit when the terrible schools they’re forced to send their children to see class sizes swell with non-English speaking students? Do working class U.S. citizens benefit when their jobs are taken by illegal immigrants?” https://kek.gg/u/QGmN
Now if ONLY we could make them disappear! That's the hardest part!
This is 100% factual. He is playing a game. Like LOCK HER UP ... all hot air. 
I have Black friends but no nigger friends. I have white friends but no honky friends, I have Asian friends but no Jap or chink friends. I have friends from many countries who moved to the USA for freedom. I just keep good company. Gab is my best friend.
BIG PROPS TO;Joy Villa,Kanye West,Alex Jones,Hannity,Tucker,Clint Eastwood,Mel Gibson,Roseanne Bar,Mike Ditka,Star Lord,Rand Paul,Judge jeanine,and all the rest of the false idols that back their presidents,BOOOOOOOO to;MSM/UN/EU/Islamic terror/Hollywood/Berkeley/CA/NY/Eagles/Warriors/DEMONCRATS/FB/TWITTER/GOOGLE/UTUBE#MAGA
Shot his ass more than once, we all hope!  
Wait just one Fkn Minute - I live Here - where the Fk did this take place ? 
But, but, but, words will never hurt me. Cries the SJW as she yells Racist, bigot.
Daily reminder that I hate niggers, jews & moslems but what I hate more than anything else are anti-White, White People.
Feelgood bullshit. Both are natural emotions.  If you don't love something enough to hate those that threaten it, you don't really love.
Tbh I couldn’t care less if the Jews genocided all the Arabs, just as I wouldn’t care one bit if the Arabs got their shit together and wiped Israel and every Kike in it off the face of the Earth. Neither one are my people and neither of them are my concern
I've been calling them the "protected class" for decades.  The idea that white men are privileged is complete bullshit.  I've been pushed to the side in favoritism for the "protected class" at least a dozen times in college and career, and I witness the entitlement of the "protected class" every damn day.
And...and...ALL of the EU Libtards  think  that Trump is The Dictatorship...well now...it seems you all are living under a Communistic Government .
Just had to listen to my boss talk some hippie dippe bullshit about how thanksgiving is about 'stealing the land'...I mean hes a nice guy overall but ffs.
But there are flathead ,we call mouth breathing libtards
Buy into the stock market goyim, we will make you rich!  LMFAO
Once again, truly "moderate" Muslims (Sufi) are slaughtered by mainline Muzzies.  It is IMPOSSIBLE for a peaceful/reformist form of Muzztardia to form because the tiny population of such are killed off all the time, all over the place.  Reformation in muzztardia is impossible.
White bitches thinking they are some Arabic princesses or someshit.
Good morning Archie. I am constantly amazed at how naive the left-SJW group is and all that they will fall for. Hope you have a blessed Tuesday! 
Who TF was your daddy, boy? He never taught you to pick up your chair or whatever else was handy and decimate ANY mudda-fawka who does shit like this to you?? 
I love it! MS can go pound sand up their a$$es. You rock!
He is actually doing the hip thrust to fuck that evil spirit.
I remember when the Canucks were all like, "HAHA we dont have shootings here, swrong witchu muricans lololollolol" Just like how Sweden used to be thought of as the closest thing to heaven on earth.  
Macualay Culkin on Home Alone 2 set:  A Hollywood Executive bragged of "skin trophies"  “He asked me if I knew Heather O’Rourke.”  "He told me to look at his shoes. He said they were made from the skin of children he had murdered."  “I vomited all over his shoes.“  [Les Echos]  #JEWSRAPEKIDS  
This guy is a pedophile, I am sure of it.
He will fit in well.. He is a lying little shit just like the rest of them.
why move to a country you despice??? Sadomachoist? Or just an islamic F***TARD like the rest of your ugly arabic friends!
Trump deports some poor 95 year old fart to be skinned alive by psychotic self hating Germans, but allows “Dreamers” to steal resources from American kids and cartels to flood in heroin to kill our youth. Wish he had the same resoluteness on Latinos. 
Strange. 
A caution to all those that read my gab feed. This #cockwomble @FreeBritain is not to be trusted. He sows discord and speaks like a perverted jew. #DoNotTrust ⚠
I have no remorse on how I feel about Muslims. They have no place in Western Culture. They have no desire to assimilate. Whoever let them in to begin with is a traitor to America.
Trump Cronies all under Indictment, no Dem criminals !  Funny That !!
Just like the compassion He showed in the Camp, Huh Asshole !!
He was a holdout for a while. Saw articles on Breitbart where he said he wouldn't alienate half his audience. I think that red headed douche Kathy Griffin even called him out for it. I'm guessing the elites told him to get on board or he's be done. 
uhh.... I just found out I am part jew. my great grandmothers parents were ethnic poles in Russia. & they were part jewish, russian, & half polish. WTF. these kikes have infected everything - even my blood! :O I feel disgusted that I am related to such an evil group. WTF 
Lay the ideological ground necessary to eject ALL immigrants, THAT is how its done  The morale of the ppl must be harnessed, if they are to free themselves of an embedded army of over 1500 years, the christians & jews must be purged, by bringing back pagan traditions & culture  It HAS TO BE a permanent solution, guaranteeing the future of our people & the white race
The Homosexual Establishment https://www.firstthings.com/article/2018/08/cultural-realpolitik   spreading HIV/AIDs to produce $34b/year in HIV/AIDs drug sales Obama 's: Cultural Imperialism https://fwipetitions.org/cultural-imperialism/ Cultural Marxism is at the Heart of Our Moral Disintegration https://tinyurl.com/y8jevmw9  …
Damn... 
Cold bitch. Great writer...great conservative...terrible person.
You replied to me spic!
Fuck duckduckgo for sensoring them.
She doesn’t Jay, she’s dead ! You only get one fuck up that bad, right ?
It is quite a Freudian tell when you think about all the gay nazi fetish porn on this Jews hard drive. And yes, it is just one guy, and he is a Jew 
I CURSE YOUR NAME, JOHN KERR!!!! GODDAMN YOU STRAIGHT TO HELL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"Comedienne" Shazia Mirza says she fancies Islamic State psychopaths on daytime TV Loose Women show, presenters laugh. Polly Toynbee still promotes this person. 
Its 2:28pm in Athens Greece and my 60 year old stalker has spent all day and night dreaming up lies about me over at Fagitter while shitting and pissing on himself in his wheelchair in his mother basement. He claims everyone talking to me here are my fake accounts lol. Meet homo with AIDS child rapist Eddie Dzial http://www.pornwikileaks.com/?s=eddie+dzial
And that speaks volumes for the ENTIRE population of Muzztards.
So if I want to call some ignorant dude a 'stupid cunt' I need to say  'stupid front hole'?  I don't think so.
The Kalergi Plan for White Genocide,(funded by George Soros),through unending Turd World Mass Migration into ALL White Nations,..They Come..They Breed,Rape,Terrorize,Defecate,Leech,Infect and Plunder......WE DIE!!!! 
"At long last religion is being rejected by modern / Western human beings .... if you ignore my advice and annoy people with your religious crap you might just end up at the receiving end of the anger caused by the death and destruction your mindless beliefs have caused the human race  !
How dare you insult the YHWH's holy menorah by comparing it to satanic filth. There is no such thing as separation of church and state. You can't have God-given rights without God. This is a Judeo-Christian nation.
I like the Scots, I really do, I get over the border regularly. 
Him and his 'great society, and 'affirmative  action' are a dark stain on the U.S. 
If time was not in the essence, we could use the jews' own practices against them. However, we are pressed for time, as we have less than 100 years before all is lost. At this point, I can only see well calculated assassinations of jews from the top, down as the only resort now.
GOD BLESS YOU for speaking TRUTH from YOUR HEART!  It looks like muller's gang CANNOT find anything (otherwise they'd have done something to POTUS), so they grab whomever they can to perform evil acts for them.  They make  "justice" system look like a zoo with animals running around in panic. TRUST GOD MAKE THINGS HAPPEN for a PURPOSE!!
do you think you are being edgy because only someone who would cmment faggot on my post would have sex with sheep 
Naw this was photoshopped?  LOL. There are pussy creatures in the picture. 
I always thought the Left hated Tolkien just because he was, you know, like, uh white male and stuff.  https://unherd.com/2018/08/left-hate-tolkien/
Can you fucking dinosaurs stop clogging the damn tags with stupid MAGA shit that's unrelated to whatever the tags are? Good fucking grief.
fat chance, shill. I will continue to call you controlled opposition pieces of shit out every chance I get. We are all becoming aware of how to tell the difference between real and paid shills like your ugly bitch face. It's so simply. The paid shills say 'lets do another Holocaust'. YOU SAID LETS DO ANOTHER HOLOCAUST. YOU SAY IT ALL THE TIME YOU FUCKING PAID SHILL PIECE OF SHIT. Keep calling attention to yourself, get doxed bitch @MrsHawthorn
fat chance, shill. I will continue to call you controlled opposition pieces of shit out every chance I get. We are all becoming aware of how to tell the difference between real and paid shills like your ugly bitch face. It's so simple: The paid shills say 'lets do another Holocaust'. YOU SAID LETS DO ANOTHER HOLOCAUST. YOU SAY IT ALL THE TIME YOU FUCKING PAID SHILL PIECE OF SHIT. Keep calling attention to yourself, get doxed bitch @MrsHawthorn
Reality Check - Marilyn Monroe was the biggest female star in the world at the time of her death and had been so for quite some time.  Unless you're talking about some OTHER actress that JKF screwed and killed...
This is one low life, disgusting bitch. Extremely ugly, to boot. If I had a dog, that looked like this bitch, I would shave his rear end, & make him walk backwards. 
I would sooner say she is playing her own fantasy games. Sick bitch.
This is the ultimate goal of the jews. Literal suicide through signaling
Has Adolf Hitler ever spoke or wrote something that wasn't true or flat out lied? I never found that to be the case. Not once. Never.  
If there weren't any muslims in America, this would not happen. London mayor says "this is life in the big city. Get used to it." And everyone just goes along with it. And muslims embed themselves deeper. 
https://youtu.be/Lm_3sJ8CRuU 
She looks like pennywise the clown from it
They don't have to create anything, they are themselves exactly what makes these countries bad. It's not like climate or resources are forcing them to act uncivilized. We can empirically prove it too. Let populations switch places and see what happens.
There's only two genders,
Save yourselves from deadly Commie-globalists, at all costs, literally.
The filthy jews despise whites.....that's why they fuck themselves into our sacred blood.....to defile us
This is what BLM is all about. #BlackLiesMatter 
Stupid liberals think they are the majority.. You wouldn't stand a chance Minnie Me!
They have already dug in. We are the ones still trying to place nice. Fuck nice.
Your Star Trek perpetuates the White colonial gender normative notion that space is to be "explored" and raped. Choose.. Scifi or Ally! Can't both.
When r/socialism went full retard 
i just dont understand how anyone can read this garbage and actually connect these dots without questioning how none of this is related or makes any sense. what they mean is, "there's real news that legitimizes the wall so dont pay attention to that, we're talking about the bullshit narrative and you need the updated messaging" 
Dear America and the WEST, are you beginning to see what we whites (I'm an American) are up against here in South Africa? You have been warned.
"Come On Jeff, You Can Do It": Trump Urges Sessions To Look Into The Corruption "On The Other Side"- @jeffsessions is THE OTHER SIDE, partnering on the RINO DEM (UNIPARTY) COUP 
If enrichment means the shit we're in right now, I hate to see what fucking up a country looks like.  Did George Soros write this speech?
it isn't from "god" just because one person said so. However many children he fucked.
"the same basic rights as Jewish Israeli citizens. They even serve in the Knesset and on the Israeli Supreme Court"  Yeah.  Back on the Plantation, those were called "House Niggers".  Thanks for proving the point so eloquently. 
http://floridafamily.org/issues.php Take Action Against Islam and Leftists
Trump: Reality Winner’s crimes ‘small potatoes’ compared to Hillary Clinton https://www.rt.com/usa/436763-trump-reality-winner-clinton/
LIke I said, you are hard up on the jew hate, you deny science, you deny reality, and you play the same bullshit collectivist tropes as every other bigot.  Ooo look at me I'm John, I hate all jews because some jews do bad things!!!  And sure, whites do bad too, but those are lone wolves!!
OK, I've made a Post today picking on Donnie, so let me balance it with one in his favor....  Remember that Bernie Sanders Honeymooned in Moscow cuz he Loves his fellow Commies so much. But, we're to believe Trump is "too close" to the Ruskies?!?!
If we were actual terrorists they'd have more respect for us a la Islam. But white people have become cowardly, so they neither fear nor respect us.
So if Im not all out pure anarchist nut job, the I'm a "statist" right?  🙄  I am a constitutionalist.  You know, "With Liberty and JUSTICE for All"?
Loadsa bullocks she ain't killed em all off yet.. 
I've been denied work because some Jews enslaved some black people 150 years ago......  this is just a new version of Affirmative Action.
Mark Zuckerberg is a no good communist satanic evil piece of shit, who's destroying free speech, Democracy, and the American way of life! The grim reaper needs to add this asshole to his list!
Fellow muslim...oh yeah so not surprised and I want to see this animal hang!
Trump should cancel the $500 million of annual foreign aid we give to South Africa until their racist and dangerous policy of murdering white farmers is forever discontinued and the criminals who stole the land are jailed and never see the light of day again
Very good....one wonders how long it will be until they are,  once again,  viewed as the "white devils"? 
ok..McCain is dead!!!!. the treasonous, traitorous, Bastard is dead, I'm over it.... move the fuck on, with the parade time and location and where the line starts  for us all to piss in his grave!!!  finally!!!! now maybe we can get a real republican conservative in his seat!
wouldn't it be nice if Sweden said " Go ahead, you thieving Christ killing bastards!
The amount of evil in that little meeting could be felt through the mere looking at the picture... fucking hell.
We have to get some well known big fishes on Gab if we are ever going to surpass 5 million or more members. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8e_vCVfbsyM&t=105s  
In  my newsfeed today… 
Thx your vile RACIST askeNAZI JEWS!
GET OUT AND VOTE IN THE MIDTERMS!!! WE DON'T NEED MORE DEMOCRATS AND RINOS IN CONGRESS!!!!!
I"d bet all the higher ranking Cardinals are pedophiles its part of being in the club. It will be the end of the Catholic church. When the truth is out that the Catholic church is nothing but a sex cult it will collapse and be no more. 
Hillary's body count is ra ing dictatorial status and she's not even President 😂
 @gardenerrob "It's bound to happen"?   This genocidal 3rd-world invasion of white western countries was done by design, orchestrated by the Jewish elites who control Western countries. Jewish elites have a demonic, deep-seated hatred of white people. They see white people as evolutionary competitors for power and resources, so they want us gone.  
It is like white people have disappeared or at least they hope we would.
"Maple Lodge Farms was the first company in Canada to offer Halal products on a large scale to Canadian Muslim consumers. We have been Halal certified since 1990." (From their corporate website) There you go ! ALL their chickens are Halal since 1990. (Supporting terrorism since 1990)
Hello people, been a while 
Funny, they are using Sweden model. - Well, In the end. Sweden has proven to be a failure. Especially anything to do with feminsium.
another libtard that expects to see mayhem on the streets as only evidence of failing community/country.
https://youtu.be/Rf6c_0A1ivA  
I’m still blocked on Facebook for 6 days and those idiots tell me you said tranny if you say it again in the future you may be blocked . It’s a old post .
Then the man says, "I'd like a second opinion" the doctor said "OK, I can see your ass crack too".
"Nobody will argue that Donald Trump is the fulfillment of Diogenes’ quest, but he questioned the shit, mocked the shit-peddlers, and presented an alternative to shit gone stale" 
RT @FrancisXRocca: Bishop of Phoenix praises pope's accuser as a "man of truthfulness, faith and integrity" and says "whoever has covered up these shameful acts must be brought to the light of day." https://t.co/6NWyzzA6VU
Trump is the king of neo nazis and i am a true neo nazi. You're a faggot jew boomer
The Jacksonville shooter was a raging liberal who routinely went after Trump supporters online  If he was a Republican or Trump voter it would be headline news and the media would blame Trump for inciting violence in our society
Q: What's the difference between a Man-U fan and a Vibrator? 
Well gosh, councilwoman ... if they're "slut-shaming", wouldn't that make you a slut? 
Two Syrian Woman Murdered in the UK… 
leftists would be perfect for the middle-east, lets send them there and see if they can live with the peace loving moslems
this BITCH should get 1 year in Lezbo heaven penitentiary
hate? = truth about Jews??? if they only told the truth about themselves there would be no need for others to speak it...those who deny it are guilty of the blood of those killed as a result of the maliciousness of Jews....read Jesus..he knew his Jew like Henry Ford & was killed for it..
Well fuck. They'll just chase us? Eff that.  
That Boer woman is gorgeous. I promise to keep this story alive until the Boer get justice. Fuck these commies of the EFF. Laws in a civil society are to be race blind. The fact that these fools want to confiscate land based on race is absolutely immoral and ungodly.
You cleaned your shit cleaning finger off in here again. It's all over here. And here !  And here !
This is not a solution.  The ONLY  solution is to slash immigration.  
https://www.zerohedge.com/news/2018-08-27/english-town-31-muslims-charged-sex-crimes-against-kids-young-12  
Liberals elected America’s second 9/11 when they voted in Obama twice.  It’s not surprising Obama values and presidency matches the values of America’s liberals to a tee.  
But *THIS* is fine. Remember folks--only white men can be criminally rude to the police.
Dear God, she is awful,    What is her devious purpose in South Africa?     WHEN is Britain going to leave the Boers alone.     How many atimes must they defend themselves from these   predators?     I thin it is at least FIVE times that the Boers have had to get away or have been betrayed,     She has no shame - but then neither do the rulers of Britain - and this thing is their creature. 
Sharing your lands with foreign men is cuckoldry, and no right minded foreign man is going to assimilate to become a cuck. They're going to take advantage of acquiring our land, resources and women and they're not going to share what they get, and quite rightly so. White cucks are the fucking problem! 
I guess they forgot Balls. You know the kind that keep you from being afraid of angry bitches. 
I've read the bible too, says plenty of fucking terrible things.  Does that mean christians are terrible?
NEW STRAT:  Prove the dems are the real racists.  
People of colour also need to apologise for the terrible things their ancestors did to other people of colour over the centuries.
it says he is willing to respect other people's wishes no matter how fucking stupid they are, what does it say to you Donna?  
My reply is racist because the type is black, but the background is white and takes up more space. My guilt is pain but not enough: I need to acknowledge my male privilege in order to properly self harm. I also mustn't forget to blame everyone but me for when I cut myself, but take ownership when I'm congratulated  
arrrrrrggggggggg what the fuck, vai toma no cu
EPA's LISA JACKSON "disappeared" - when SCANDAL broke about Jackson using false identities sending emails to environmental groups that filed lawsuits against US Government - under Usurper Obama/Soetoro.
Sanger just provided the means. Definitely not defending her...Hitler was very interested in Sanger's work also.
Francis needs to step down. The days of covering for PEDOPHILES is over. And now with the recent exposure of Vatican money laundering, it's time.
Doctors should be imprisoned or shot for exploiting these mentally challenged individuals for profit. 
Has he considered suicide?   I hear it's legalized in Europe, he has options. It's his choice, and he is all about pro-choice, right?
lol....sounds like you need to read what he said.....their father was the devil
I had that inclination as well, as with perverts, (like Jews) the Filthier the better. One Reason why Jews are Attracted to Sheboons & to the Contrary, why Sophisticated White Gentlemen are Attracted to Clean & Beautiful White Women, whom they Respect & Cherish...
The more you deal with Jews and/or observe what they do, the more you realize the "Nazis" were right.
Not to make fun of cripples. But this photo is an excellent illustration of the essence of an ANTIFA member. All be it extreme.  They are people who cannot keep up with society and have fallen behind. They've nothing better to do than to get back at society by raising hell.
I feel like a lot of the establishment Rhinos for the time being will be slowly moving to Trump's side (just so they can cut a deal and keep their seats). McCain was the most vocal NeverTrumper and with him gone I feel like the movement will fall apart. Flake is eyeing the exits and so is Ryan. McConnell appears for the time being to be sliding slowly towards Trump.
She might self identify as a black man called "Lebron" or something !! ;-)
Good to see the Labour Parry following the Conservatives' lead and kicking the shit out of itself. 
What a fag, not even a real boy.
Thank goodness that old snake McCain is dead. Now his war on Syrian Christians is over!
Too late dude. I'm now fucking your mom and giving you a Brazilian bother.
She wrote in her second book she likes the idea of lower the age of consent {kid fucking} to 12. 200 and something is the page. Read to 300. You will find she supported the NMBLA Agenda. No bullshit. 100% 
God of #Justice vs a dead kike on a stick
And that's how the holohoax started...and don't forget them declaring war on Germany and Hitler....and where did they come from mostly...fresh from the Bolshevik Revolution where an actual Holocaust transpired that they were implicitly involved with....🤬
Maybe,just maybe when conservatives realize the ballot box is an exercise in futility and it's that way because of race they might wake up and do what has to be done. 
I don't get why some men alow themselves to be dictated by feminists. Come on, women told men that it's wrong of men to define them, that men don't understand women....then isn't it wrong of them to try and define what a man is?  #ProudMasculinist
There were no gas chambers. Of the camps occupied by the Allies and investigated by Americans, *none* were found to be "extermination camps." The only camps that lie stayed in place were with the ones occupied by the Soviets and denied access to the West for years. Jewish fables.
Swedish Man Hater's Club Meeting: 
Don't Monkey around and start posting Gillum quotes.  This place will go Ape-shit over what  he said. To be honest, it would be a barrel of monkeys to read all the comments.  Then again, some may take him serious.  That would make a monkey out of me. I am sorry to throw a monkey on your back.  Just disregard what I wrote.  We should not have any monkey business on this post. 
And you're not German.  Your the biggest kike i've ever met.  You sound like a pussy asshole
Crowd-fund Killary / Shrillary and Obummer designer orange “stronger together” jumpsuits for Gitmo. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-PgkF1pF4kg   I have no problem with how China treats these bastards.They are only treating them like how the rest of us get treated by muzzies.
Nope sorry dear,  not lying at all.   As for being the enemy of a bunch of pimple faced cowards hiding their hate behind a conspiracy theory,  I'm good with that.   I was never interested in being your friend.   "suffer their fate"  ROFL. You all are hilarious. 
Sorry about your sister. Really. But ask yourself why tower 7 fell the SAME WAY though no planes hit it. Research the dancing Israelis. There is SO MUCH EVIDENCE against Israel. And what did Muslims get? Their countries bombed as a pretext for 1. Israeli expansion 2. A REFUGEE crisis in ONLY WHITE COUNTRIES.
You and I both know that the holocaust is a big lie for jews to spew hate on the great White European people. The why you call everyone jew that you disagree with is kind of jewish in thinking,,,, I wonder if you are the jew and is only pretending to be a great European.  BTW to you,,, if gab is a fraud,, then why do you waste your time on it???   
You mean you're too stupid to learn how to swallow a pill.  That's something to really brag about.
Where's a fucking drone strike mishap when ya need one....sheesh....🤬🙄
And they call that holllllyyyyyy shittttt 😂😂😂😂😂😂
Women in office is a mistake.  Pelosi, Waters, Clinton, Obama... the proof goes on and on.
-Funny you suggest that. CRY is all you so-called "white" guys do. I've been WHITE all my life but it never manifested in self-pity or posturing like it does with all the fake-name menstruating "men" on Gab. I know all about Jewish greed and black low IQs but neither has held me back. I pity a turd like you.
THE GERMANS ARE BEING OPPRESSED BY THESE JEWISH SUBVERSIVE POLICIES! THE GERMANS WERE NEVER ASKED IF THIS IS WHAT THEY WANTED, THEY WERE GUILTED INTO THIS NIGHTMARE BY TREACHEROUS JEWISH CON ARTISTS!
Welcome aboard Gen'l!  I got banned first time for reposting facial pictures of Erik Clanton to major media sites after his Antifa bandanna fell of.  Said I was "spamming" and demanded my government ID. Fuck 'em - I sent the avatar you see now and told 'em I went "Trans-species".  Tards have no sense of humor..
The demonicrats can stoop pretty damn low don'tch think?
Cat got your tongue? It's a simple question, jew -- do you identify as a renegade jew?  Or merely a liar? Do you hate the "American" Jewish Committee and their official position for all Overseas Israelis?  Or do you agree with their view, but feel compelled to lie to the goyim about it?  
Yes now we are going to hear more trash over the next week! These Criminal MSM are going to go into hysterical  overdrive ! They never shut up! I just hope the President releases documents this week! I know I'm way over ready to get on with it!! These people need to go to JAIL!!
Did you read this, you evil commission of the EUSSR? Yes, they read it, but decided to act other way round. They ought to be hung.
this myth has me satisfied with how to regard the jews; short of it is that Jehova was a pseudo-deity & the 'covenant' with the Jews was a lie; Jehova, chief of the astral parasite 'archon' infected (((them))); (((they're))) mentally ill; to be quarantined. https://youtu.be/Os18858XkBo
The Philistines in the bible are what we know today as "palestinians".  Trump is David. The "goliath" he faces are anyone that would defend the "palestinians".  Trump is a crack shot with his sling shot.  #MAGA  #bible #God'sGotThis 
New Release! It's time to shut the Engines down. Political power must be abolished. An argument for anarchism. Engines of Domination 2018 Director’s Cut: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_WZ40iYPNFQ
Melo: Not with the shits @MickstapeShow https://t.co/VozA0lwRht
Kikes from Yemen promote Folk: 
So she whipes her blowhole with a flag, a very patriotic thing.. DO You want to cause here extreme psychological trauma? At every opertunity, remind her how a white man rpeatedly raped her and blacked her... 2 weeks tops and she will flip
At least he didn’t end up in a van down by the river, lol !!
Well as I said before to your tin foil wearing hat covering an empty skull....the studies are published...and the FDA isn’t responsible for running the studies or publishing them...THE MANUFACTURERS of the drugs/biologic/vaccines are the ones responsible.  SO take your own ignorant ass to their website or call their medical line (start with Sanofi pastuer) and REQUEST the information.  I evaluate products weekly for formulary positioning etc and THERE MUST be published studies.  So stop with your conspiracy nonsense and do your own research...no my job to teach the stupid.
LOL "jewish psychology word". you are a special little snowflake, aren't you Barron. 
YEEEAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! SCHOOL THOSE IDIOT LIBERALS!!!!!!!!!!
Boris Johnson, David Davis and Jacob Rees Mogg all say that Chequers is not Brexit. And I believe them. Treason May is deceiving and lying to the British public.Unfortunately the BBC are the main perpetrators of Project Fear fake news. The British public are being stabbed in the back by the Red Tories and by the BBC.
They keep telling us that "not all Muslims are bad people", But ALL Muslims do worship a child raping pedophile.   THEY  WORSHIP A  FUCKING PEDOPHILE !   
lincoln provoked a war that murdered tens of thousands of white boys in favor of low IQ niggers
I used to pity Palestinians...but not anymore...they are not interested in peace...they are sharia law activitists that want to destroy infidels...be it Jews or Christians...read the Quran...you will see.
The new movie, FIRST MAN, is about USA'S moon landing. BUT, these Hollywood faggots left out the US Flag. So, who landed there? El Salvador? Belgium? They left the flag out to sideswipe POTUS. Patriots won't go to this POS movie. The pic below should have a US Flag behind him. Not there. Fuck you, Hollywood. U must want Trump to go after U? Ask CNN how that worked.
No worries this lot will be "culturally enriched" soon enough by some random Somali or other Islamic migrant suffering from a "sexual emergency". 
Try over 200 MILLION. Your figures are waay off.
These are some stupid people. Next stray cats will get to vote.
It’s your favorite ‘bleeding while trans’ activist back at it again! (Warning: blood) 
Also as property tax may still be low there, is there a way around the niggertax and possibly a separate or new city council that serves white people? Meaning,,all the property tax goes towards the white community
That doesn't happen in #shitcago, they just catch and release there.
FUCK OFF...is that freedom of speech enough even for your room-temperature IQ to understand?
HAHAHAHAHA! 
His. His Visa was denied. Correct pronouns please.
Are you back. The Kurgan? WTF are the 'Kurgen' ? some kind of idiotic Star Trek tribe. What an imbecilic twit you are. Now buzz off because I can only tolerate mental cases for so long. 
FAKE NEWS! 
I don’t think it’s that difficult to comprehend what I was saying. For someone who lauds himself as a paragon of logic, you don’t seem to be using much at all. I don’t believe that all religious people are unintelligent. My bias comes from being a religious individual myself, though I’m not exactly the most fervent religious individual, to say the very least.
@shuhari Aw poor widdle  b*tch that no one likes. Cry to mama.
there is Nothing good about Marx!!!
There should be a movement to remove womens right to vote! They just cant think logically!
We need more men like this, not the pansies you see these days, that talk like fags !
if she didn't spent the last 2 years of her career spewing racist shit, she wouldn't be up to her tits in said shit!
The second panel is clever; I like the blase expression on Hitler's face in context. But man, whoever drew it is gay as hell, the last panel doubtless giving the artist an erection. The stars in the third panel should be six pointed and blue.
Or any other Kelloggs  shit, your body will thank you 
Need to appropriate the  "Someone I love was killed by a drunk driver" bumper sticker theme with Illegal immigrants.  Suggest a few others "Car stereo I loved was stolen by an illegal immigrant."  "Job I hated but was willing to do was taken by an illegal immigrant."   
Did you see the two priest's in Miami caught buggering each other.
FUCKEN, HA HA I just spit on my monitor laughing, reading this post.
Virtue Signaling isn't a metaphor, it is an adjective- that in this case modifies the noun "crap". Stupid fucking boomer.
That and while we're at it send all those assholes who praised Chavez when he turned the country into a socialist shithole.  Michael Moore, Sean Penn and the rest of those douche-bags.  Put them right on the front line so they can see first hand how great socialism is.
Yes. I SHOP for 'Made in America'.
I know Germany is batshit crazy right now, but it really isn't the nation to fuck with considering they have started all the world wars in history, just saying muslims you might want to tone down your rhetoric.
Hey pendejo, if Mexico is so good why are you leaving? Clearly you'd be happier there. Stupid wetbacks. 
faggot until Levis starts sending militias to take your weapons they aren't doing shit "against the second amendment" . they're just standing behind the majority of people likely to buy their product. If most Americans were pro-gun it'd be the opposite it's all empty marketing. 
My thinking too. I know none who've decided a gang of overpaid EU bastards in a building far far away doing our thinking was a better deal than us thinking for ourselves. 
   Now I am alone. Oh, what a rogue and peasant slave am I!
I'm an American, and the fact that you don't have any sympathy for your european brothers tells me that you're not really white.  The Europeans are being invaded by savages because of Jews, same as the US or AUS or CA.  Muslims are the symptom, Jews are the diesease.  Does your Hasbara center have a cantina?
It is a cult founded by a goat screwing murdering pedophile.
Cory 'I Never Seen A White Person I didn't Hate' Booker
That we'd be paying for turd worlders to get health care.
English bitch, try using it.
A little girl shouldn't be dressed like that, let alone...
Trump should have the AG toss both their asses in Gitmo for treason!  
THEY SELL ONLY.....TECHNOLOGY  (I REPEAT) ONLY TECHNOLOGY........NOT POLITICS.........THEY DO NOT LICENSE FREE SPEECH........WE MUST NEUTER THESE COMPANIES..
Yes, it's still A Thing.  Tumblr is my go-to site for porn.
Re: The American flag.  
Christian isnt white. Was Jesus a fucking German. You're reading the wrong book.
Next time we cut off your johnson!
This is Sedition, all of these obstructionist should be charge on the title 18.
Hope that woman is executed with the rapist disgusting whore 😠
Do these look like the poor starving #illegalaliens the #MSM are telling Americans need to be taking in? 
What kind of cowards send 6 yr old boys to suicide bomb police stations?  Punks not willing to sacrifice themselves, but ask mothers to give children.  We had better WAKE UP. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0i3Aev26N8w
He's in Utah so there could be all kinds of issues in that area. LOL
There is nothing to fix, free speech is free speech. 
adultery is a sin shithead.
Just fuck up my shit
Exactly!  Regardless how small voice one may contribute, every protest is needed! to keep #FREESPEECH alive for ALL, not just for evil msm, corrupt social media or hateful libRETARDED!  Free speech is dead in UK; patriots have paid dear price with deadly imprisonment.  PRAY GOD BLESS HIS RIGHTEOUS CHILDREN SUCCEED in FIGHTING for THEIR RIGHT to SPEAK FREELY! 
You sound no different than the bitch who did this post. God bless America. You can get away with that.
Konsentrate on yor REAL problm, muzlmz. Jewz arnt slotrin & rapin Brits
I'm not a Muslim, you retarded cunt.
2017-06-05 - PizzaGate Money Trail Leads To John McCain https://youtu.be/9TjGB3lRQQ4 via @YouTube
Totally agree, May is a vile globalist, dithering POS traitor. Merkel & Macron are pure evil and must be got rid of asap. If Brits keep on voting for these globalist traitors they won't live to regret it. The whole country should vote UKIP to get rid of lib/lab/con forever.
Feminism is a toxic plague that should be removed 
This old Jew Witch will die lonely.
It is unfortunate, but it is true the US Federal Government is mainly collection of very mentally ill Criminals, rapist, pedophiles, murderers, child molesters and treasonous yellow dogs. There is no way we get the Republic back without totally eradicate the Government thugs that are selling our Republic and the People.  
I bet she’s posting those shitty pro Hillary memes on Pol
Makeup is such bullshit. I mean, I can appreciate tasteful makeup but god damn come on.
KEEP YOUR HATRED OFF THIS SITE FASCHIST TROLL KRUTON!
leave that shithole. let them kill each other.  make popcorn and watch the show. oh, have a beer too 
The Louisiana Purchase and the Civil War were loaded with slaves and Jewish Mayors and Generals on each side.  Grant expelled them all in 1862 for war profiteering.  4 generations later we will get this done and expel all the Jews.  World War Jew and the 80 year aftermath is not going to fly. 
Twitter is loaded with kids and Nazis - They're so fucking confused if they should sit or stand when taking a piss, and then they want to be the "Authority" on speech? - They can blow me
2,977. The terrorist's lives do not count for anything.
This whole traditionalist talking point is beyond idiotic, many people on the right do not have kids.   In fact many of the people destroying our country are fucking niggers and illegal spics with 8 fucking kids or more. So stop and ask yourself wtf are you even talking about moron. LMAO
Holy Fuck! Ain’t diversity grand!
I'm pretty sure Q was a stupid meme passed around by a bunch of boomers who have been watching TV for far to long and can no longer bring themselves to knowtice the Jew. 
Not made in the US though? So..... How can you possibly justify buying them?  "Buy American" remember? Fucking traitor.
Miner is not I waiting on evidence.  incestuous rape is cool:  he took hold of her, and said: Come lie with me, my sister. She answered him: Do not so, my brother, do not force me: for no such thing must be done in Israel. Do not thou this folly. [II Kings 13:8-12] But he would not hearken to her prayers, but being stronger overpowered her and lay with her.II Kings 13:14
Reject Christianity and its Jew lies and Im in. #bloodandsoil #wearenotsemites
Muh balls really just wanna spray life, and love everywhere. It's what I was BUILT for.
see that is your fanaticism speaking because I dont believe as you do I am less ?? fuck you and your fake god read your history fanatic the rule of christianity is written in blood  conquest  and pain  so much for a loving god
WATCH: Crazy Maxine Waters Brags That She Threatens Trump Supporters 'All the Time' @CassandraRules https://t.co/L1vJ2tnrnK via @gatewaypundit
A Slut would call a Nasty Bitch dressed exposing herself Fun. Is this ur kind of 
I can't stand to listen to those evil gossipy commie hens. This HAS to be Illegal and #TheView is COMPLICIT in Airing it publicly then. #Omarosa 
They don't have the balls to do it tho.
You wouldn't have any tech if you didn't steal it from White People.  Could you build ICQ on rocks?  You haven't even written a programming Language all the major Programming Languages were written by White People!  Don't even mention Face Book>Stolen from a White Person so much theft and it's always Look at us jews we did this when you stole it.
Yum. That looks delicious. I can go without food but not without pussy. 
Yep. That's what so funny. We all "saw" it backwards at first...and went, "What the fuck"...but then figured it out.
She got caught cheating bam the bitch from the sport
it is really sad to see women abuse men so horribly. It makes me sick. Who cares that they hate themselves and their lives, they do need to be accountable and not ruin mens lives. I agree we should start calling their employers, etc about how hateful and vile their behavior is. 
No pension for traitors....just lethal injections!
That's directly the result of having a muslim, beta male childish twat as London mayoress.
On the anniversary of 9/11, we shouldn’t just remember the thousands that were murdered but also how evil the ideology of islam is.
Bunch of faggot ass pussies in the EU army. 10 of their soldiers equal 1 of ours, and that is being generous to the EU. Fuck em
You know what they say? 
 You know what they say. Every man, if he lives long enough, will get prostate cancer. Most men die of something else first, but still.
It's great to be white. *fixed it for you
African women have to be strong, because African men dont work... much... You have to whip them into shape...
Obama is a filthy liar
This is just your alternate @DonMAGA you switched because you fucked up too many times on the other one so you took up this one and stopped white knighting Kyle. Transparent as fuck. 
You're the shit fetishista with a dozen accounts spamming gay faggot kike shit.  You probably take hot brown loads on your face from tranntifa cucks.  ROACH CUCKSERVATIVE (((BEAR)))
They should catch and sent these Rapeugees and illegal Givemegrants to the houses of CEO of like CNN, Twitter, New York Times, Soro's house.  Pretty sure they will show illegal alien their "love" and welcome them while they behead them one by one.
FUCK YOU  GIVE BACK YA BENEFITS YA SQUIRTER  Superannuation benefits for senators and members  https://www.aph.gov.au/about_parliament/parliamentary_departments/parliamentary_library/pubs/bn/1011/superannuationbenefits
I feel George W Bush  
Hey big guy... don't chase one out to the woods, there will be more waiting for you! Get your posse to surround them & bring the ones with shotguns too.
Profiles in treason: Robert Mueller – The long history of this crooked cop shows corruption years before his 9/11 cover-up 
They have no right to breath air in my opinion 
A Jew and a Nigger went into a bar...
This is how the terrorists win. Memes must remain pure.
Silly Washington Post, it's not global warming OR Trump. It's the angry spirits of dead slaves! 
Why would your threats to mute me make me give a shit about you or your opinions! No one owes you an explanation for any views they have. Take your dumb ass back to Twitter if you can't handle free speech!
Democrats, RINOs, Globalists, Wall Street are going to do EVERYTHING THEY CAN to disrupt #MAGA and try to make the general public believe President Trump is in over his head, bad for the Country, etc, etc 
Jews =The Real Life Sloath/Sload
When I responded with the same but female instead to show them how wrong it is they called me a whore and that I oppressed and raped them I as a girl and a lgbtq+ supporter apologize to y'all for these shits 
There's nothing envy, bitch. You're a fucking nobody.
I know just the man to take down the worlds biggest pedophile ring. The Clinton Foundation
Ann Coulter: Everyone’s Urinating on the Dossier Now! http://bit.ly/2xbus0O via @BreitbartNews
You're so Jew cucked you can't even see straight.  I said despite seeing Hellstorm you still can't find empathy.  What is your ethics code with lying and blaming it on someone else?  Please elaborate on the "virtues" of the Katyn Massacre cover up. 
The lack of #MuslimTerrorAttacks being #PartandParcel of #LivingInABigCity in Japan -  speaks to observations of Muslims' aggression as a function of their population density and/or as a % of the total population. So Japan is keeping those factors down and it has been working.
Mia Marie Pope was Obama's classmate at an elite private school on Oahu.  She knew where he lived, off Beretania St. in Honolulu.  How do you live there, and go to Punahou? 
The Hammer needs to come down hard and merciless on this evil old harpie! 
How stupid. So many darkies in the Carolinas.
CLINTON'S,  BUSH'S AND OBAMA'S NEED TO GET THE FUCK OUT OF DODGE!!!
Absolutely, Marilyn. IMO public school has morphed from educating to indoctrinating.
..because the revolution, civil war, wwI, wwII , Vietnam were not a shit storm? Common, you deal with it like an adult, like a patriot. The problem with the NA is too many of you, for too many generations have not had to deal with real internal strife. it's always been overseas. Where you don't experience it. 
Academic careers require logrolling -  
There's a reason we call it Cuck Island  
I hate Republicans, I hate the GOP. I Hope every one the them lose in Mid Terms and their Wives leave them for a Herpes infested Jamaal.
Insane . Must live in NYC,Cali, NJ or other state claiming infinite genders? Now X is a gender =Non binary .Flakes & Nuts
Take a bath, you smelly African. 
What? You believe we actually went? LOL that’s pretty funny! I love that tweeker homeless shelter lunar lander. I thought everybody by now knows it was faked!
The nazis are the left 
I just, kinda enjoyed doing quick intros to allah when over in the sandbox.  
How can you arrest a serial killer without a gun? with flowers an candies, a bible maybe...
The worst sex grooming case of all? Abducted as a teen held prisoner for 12 YEARS, repeatedly raped, twice forced into marriage & had EIGHT abortions. Made to learn the Koran in Arabic and allowed to speak only in the Pakistani languages.  https://t.co/0YMYOnW6yP via @MailOnline
Meds are not superior, neither are Nordics, Germans are not better than Slavs, neither are Slavs better than Celts. Stop this  BS. Our enemies want us ALL dead, regardless of which White tribe / region we belong to. 
I'm not wrong though eh? Fag... You do get fucked in the ass right? And your butthole is worn out and loose. From all the dicks you've had ran up in poor, poor tattered rectum of yours, right? I mean, at this point, there's got to be, like, zero elasticity in that bad boy... 
The only way that Austria voted for Nazis was bc of LIES by the media   Ask an Austrian who lived there in 1930’s   Not your small dicked Nazi fascist socialist 100% STATE OWNED MEDIA LOVIN’ LOSER NAZI PALS 
Wild. Shit has gone to far.  
You'll have to hang all your Jews if you want this nonsense to end.
I was stuck in a hospital bed where I was forced to watch it for two weeks! it helped me recover, as the first thing i did that I could do when I was strong enough; was to walk over and TURN THAT SHIT OFF!
Stayed behind just in hopes of gettin a piece o dat white azz.
@RFIDbollocks  
National Genocide Service, anti-biotics, chemotherapy, mental medication, people need to pay for their own heathcare and exorcise this giant demon.
Slimey skunk wants to protect his own ass 
If the left ever achieves gun control in the U.S....  someone on the right will just invent Yondu's arrow for real...  or something even worse (and even more fun).
If 2016 demonstrated anything, it’s that the DOJ does more actual election meddling and has more of an actual impact doing it than any foreign bogeyman...
Let these degenerate shits have at it. At school, we learnt that cock+cock = mudchild 💩 And cunt+cunt = salmon sashimi 🍣 But, cock+cunt = baby. 👶🏼 Men should withhold their essence and women withhold their eggs, then these Gayzors will not pass on their genes.
Well, is there a bet on how fast the republicans can grow a pair? Cuz the demonrats always base all their decisions, tactics, and strategies on their private parts, and the republicans are scared of their private parts. Never the two shall meet.
She was a interloper. Not a Hawaiian or a Traditional White European American. She represents everything people despise about immigrant and their offspring. We ought to admire good Jap Robert Robert Kiyosaki instead.
lol let this be a lesson that physics doesn't give a shit about female empowerment
I don’t know, you tell me ya prick 😂
Theyre still here with free legal council from the kikes trying to replace you, even while you support the kike in chief allowing catch and release to continue.  They should be immediately removed to the deserts of mexico,Israel deports it's niggers to rwanda, that's an effective policy, sucking trumps dick, is not
This Boomer posting is getting old.
Bill's nose looks like a Flame Thrower !!
Boris Johnson has written another storming article in the Daily Telegraph which some of you may have read. Not read all of it myself but seen enough to get the gist and it’s a cracker. I have emaild him to show support and it would be good if as many of you as possible could do the same. Let’s show support to all our Brexit MP’s as well as our contempt for the remoaners.
i am totally upset and angry about "angry responses to posts about nothing"!  how dare you "had some angry responses to posts about nothing"!  if you ever "had some angry responses to posts about nothing" again, then- we're going to have some major problems!  :p
Here's another tip loudmouth, "Hands up don't shoot" was a lie, just like "systemic racism" is in the US in 2018. Take your unsolicited advice and stick where the sun don't shine.
I'm not sure where to begin with this video. But I will just say #whitelivesmatter and #saynotofeminism 
The true meaning of life is to survive, and replicate individual genetics ! From a single cell organism, to the most complex life form, this is the whole truth of it ! All else derives from, and is in support of this instinctive pursuit ! Everything is rooted in this,...EVERYTHING !!! Fail in this, and your genetics become extinct !
Idiot.  ....posturing yourself as one of the “saints” of intellecia with word salads does Not make you smart and proposing arguments in support of your own bondage and against your basic freedoms is downright RETARDED.
Where you will be going, It is too toasty for a fat girl. I don't give a 💩about you, or the Emmies, the Oscars, Holly Weird, NFL players or hypocritical criminal Demon Craps. 
Sorry, Henry Winkler is a Leftwing twat waffle.  The last bit of cool he ever had, ended when the last episode of Happy Days Again ended, and he turned in his leather jacket. 
Part of the problem is the legal and socially imposed affirmative action.  "Got to have so many blacks" in a movie, etc.  Got to have the liberal mindset in the theme.  POC ruin everything.
Better yet.......Who would PROMOTE the S.O.B. ........OH yes......That's right........Another Son of a BITCH.......
OMG, "SLEPT WITH," what bullshit.
The Deliberate Dumbing Down of America 
Damn the president can’t win with these assholes
We all know Marty, the Looney Jew.
Little tiny nose rings can look good on women. They make Dorsey look like a pansy-ass, soy-loving snowflake. 
Never forget the Psycho Liberals booed God. It boggles the mind that they think they have any moral authority or can claim the moral high ground on anything! #LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder
main purpuse of this contest is to destroy the lies and demagogie conceptions in the head of people made against national socialism and hitler given by the sionists in television.  and also to present the hitlerian culture and beauty. the beauty of hitler is national socialism.
Now please STOP SPAMMING ME W PORN   YOU GOT REVENGE ON AN INNOCENT PERSON who saw THIS ONLY  GO FU K YOURSELF W NO VASELINE CUNT ASS BITCH  Post my name in that 5 times  YOU ARE WORSE THAN HIM  FUCK YOURSELF
Trump slashing the number of rapefugees allowed to come into the US  https://www.infowars.com/us-to-slash-refugee-admission-by-33/
Huh. Doesn't look like he cost society much there. Might have even been a net positive. Can we count this as a good contribution by a POC?
I just finished what would be a tirade on the DNC and it dregs of the earth.  There is no where on the Internet, I could openly express, what they would consider vile expressions.  You see the left has Twitter and FB to attack conservatives, using vile rhetoric and nastiness.   
Democrats have been POISON to America since the country was new!  And they get worse all the time!
I didn't realize the Roman and Greek empires were created by the Catholic Church?
any white woman that would let a disgusting black dick defile her and impregnate her i have no sympathy for...they diserve my scorn 
Damn that bitch is dumb.. with her pink hair, fucking Garth glasses and shitty old novelty guitar
How gay is that portrait? Is he laughing at Dumb Shit Americans who voted his Gay, Illegal Ass into Office? No. I cannot be here watching this.
Mike Carlton is 72 yo & can’t handle the slightest criticism. I don’t know how he can feel no embarrassment that 20 year olds are smarter than him. A typical journofail that adds no value to discussions. 
A lot of folks these days need to read the "dickshunary"... LOL
LIBrat slut .. Now wants some money .. Book deal ..
@RealAlexJones Love you man!  You guys are fucking kicking ass!  I hope you invest in Gab.  This is the social platform of the future.  FaceBook and YouTube are old tech.
I made this for you to download and share all over social media. God bless you all.. Except the Alt Right and Neo Libs.. The Alt right is a LEFT wing party. Republicans and Conservative HATE THE ALT RIGHT!!!!!!!!!!!!! Remove RIGHT off your name.. Only a LEFTIST would act like YOU DUMB BITCHES!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Damn!  You beat me to it!  MAGA
That's always their answer to all their problems in Africa, kill pple. I have yet to hear another response. It's just kill pple. How is that civilized? It isn't.
Oh, that's outrageous..it's MURDER OF A BABY, the only people of Faith who would be on board with this a group of satanists.
Gun: 3+1, that's bullshit! 
This BS is gonna backfire on this POS like a mofo 
The Big Picture... Nothing to see here
Fascinating. I'm none too sure about the Alt-Right (all the non-Nazi ones) but for Blacks, Jews, and many other people trapped by Slaver Democrats it may be the most effective way out. 
Why does Jerry Brown want sex offenders in Califorrnia?? https://www.breitbart.com/california/2018/09/20/fresno-bee-california-pays-millions-to-keep-illegal-alien-sex-offenders-from-deportation/
Its articles like these that make me sympathetic to the Holy Inquisition....Guess i better break out my blowtorch and pliers again...
The only students that walked out were either doing so to get out of school, or the low-IQ SJW mongoloids who deserve to be put through a wood chipper - feet first. Day of the Rake when?! https://torontosun.com/news/provincial/ontario-students-to-walk-out-of-class-to-protest-sex-ed-curriculum-changes #WeTheStudentsDoNotConsent
Their next move will be to find 5 crack-whores who will do anything for money and hope they remember the lines CNN told them to say, instead of these uppity, free-thinking women types.
Pathetic Haddad You've got to be the worst troll in history
Why does Ocasio ALWAYS look like she is taking the high hard one in her Pinochet tunnel?
Hell, even Texas imans have more balls and common sense than the average Brit. https://www.breitbart.com/texas/2015/12/11/texas-imam-forced-resign-agreeing-trump/ 
She's a complete nut job.  Dont know how anyone could vote for her.  Her BS claim about being part Native Ametican is just disgusting and a testament to how she approaches life.  #EntitledLibtard
I can't speak for everyone, but having been sexually assaulted in my life, I remember who, where and when not to mention what I was wearing at the time. Ford's phony story is just that, phony. She was after Kavanaugh and the Dems. jumped all over it to obstruct justice.
You can plead free-thinking all you want.  But if the losers who claim the Electric Universe theory can't explain how neutrons and neutrinos and all the other uncharged particles are formed, and where they go when nothing in their Universe can influence them, they are fucked.
These sandmonkeys are INVADING Europe. This is war , not damn charity. Europe will be last on the Mr.Trumps cleansing lust. Tben we can take our counties back , and send the scum hone , back to there Muslim Shitholestan 
This is the basis for rebuilding the West, as the remasculinzation of our society coupled with the defeminization of our national curriculum to return our future to the course it's meant to be on.  An end to the racism against Whites, the builders of this land, who took the raw materials and made a nation out of tribes.    A reinsertion of AMERICANISM into AMERICAN MINDS, PSYCHES, SOCIETY, and tearing down the Communist subversion that is killing our nation.
alt-left = the alt-right notice the NAZIs, a subculture defined by bigotry and hate towards your neighbor who forced Germans to murder 6.6m fellow citizens, and lgbt a subculture defined by unhealthy unnatural behavior that can kill your partner have the same creed - self interest - which dogie are you the one on the left or the right?
JEWS ARE NOT JEWS 
Nobody is talking about “Eliminating”  But yes, the end goal is to separate the races so they Govern themselves respectfully.  Multiracial is unnatural and degenerate And the conflicts and tension that come with it is inevitable.
Don't know if it's legit or not but I could imagine that this lunatic bitch is just another hipocrat. 
The porn whore will say whatever it has to to make a buck....."Does that feel good?", "You like it like that?", "Trump touched me there!".
women have already proven incapable (collectively not universally) of more power when they are abusing the power they're given. Your hate and selective persecution makes YOU the enemy. Men are the heroes, and chivalric knights. that's why you hate them. we see you for the enemy scum you are
Pretty sure that's out-of-context as fuck, FromTheRafters.  A.)  Jesus considered Himself a Jew.  B.) It's from Revelation, not The Gospels.  And C.) Speaks to evil Jews, not Jews as a whole.  Stop lying.
As we knew it would turn out.Kavanaugh is in.
Two things I hate in this world. People who comment on something to which they have no idea and trashy bloodlines thinking they are part of the white race. Fucking filth.
If your only response to my outrage of the disrespect of fallen soldiers who gave their lives at the orders of greedy incompetent sellout politicians is "bye felicia" I DON'T WANT TO KNOW YOU AND YOU DON'T DESERVE TO BE A CITIZEN!! 😡😡😡😡😡
Some guys get too deep into their mommy fantasies.
Yea yea... Jews are a religion when they need to be a religion and a race when they need to be a race. 
And let’s face it... Democrat woman are fuuugly! No man in their right mind would want to even consider raping that unless they are severely desperate or completely unhinged psychopaths!
Christian activist charged with ‘hate crimes’ gets shut down by judge for criticizing LGBT agenda 
“Judaism is Marxism, communism” Harry Waton, A Program for the Jews and an Answer to All Anti-Semites (New York: Committee for the Preservation of the Jews, 1939), p. 64 “The communist soul is the soul of Judaism.” Harry Waton, A Program for the Jews and an Answer to All Anti-Semites (New York: Committee for the Preservation of the Jews, 1939), p. 143
Judge Jeanine's opening was great Saturday. She reminded us the protections our system of laws provides. 
It's the beginning of the rise of mediocrity and worse.  No support for merit in selections of our institutions will lead to a true life idiocracy.
speaking of ad hominem attacks, here we go with this shit again.....  da jooooz.  Yawn.  .............and then you idiots wonder why I mostly just ignore you.  
Isn’t past the time to start killing all leftist?
Do you know how to keep poor whites and blacks where they belong? Open borders! Build a wall, protect our citizens
I find it sad to watch Black people being handled by the modern KKK Democrats. They are being primed by Antifa to fight against White conservatives who fought for their freedom and desegregation. Racist Blacks now want segregation. It boggles the mind.. 
GOTTA REMEMBER...THE LEFT IS INSANELY DESPERATE CAUSE THEY KNOW THEY'RE ON THE PRECIPICE OF GOING TO GITMO FOR TREASON...IT'S ALREADY IN MOTION...SO LET EM SCRAMBLE AND TALK SHIT...THEIR TIME IS LIMITED...LIKE THE DEVIL'S...
WAKE UP YOU PIECES OF FETID EAST COAST TRASH AND EXPERIENCE THE JOY OF WAGESLAVING FOR ANOTHER LONG WEEK FULL OF HOPELESSNESS AND GRIM PROSPECTS
Speaking truth and facts and not cow towing to liberal bullshit is not a tactic or hate.
it can see my comment here @BitchnNggaAss coming from some useless pile of diarrhea that lives in a socialist shithole, where it's legal to shit in the streets and shoot up dope on those shit covered streets. your opinion is invalid. ya everything about you and where you live is pure SHIT
Please don't insult children like that.  😉😅  I know several 3 year olds with more self-awareness and common sense than the average progressive/democrat.  
A bunch of c--t heads. 
I say if these pieces of shit Republicans don't confirm kavanaugh, we should all vote Democrat so we can get the civil war started before we get any weaker.
Famous kike Money Collectors, Who needs them and Their Lies?
Wish she had. Boomers especially need to suffer through more pain. Take everything they have, then they will have nothing to lose. 
I feel sorry for chrissie's kids finding out their mother is a whore under every definition.
who controls that .com some socialist lair or some misimformed propaganda outlet. you need to find a real source not a false one
The good thing is that the mouse utopia experiment is not exactly applicable to a whole nation since you got clusters there instead of one gigantic city like in the experiment. Best case scenario: all the shitlibs die off while those still having kids under modern conditions pass on their "ability" to have kids in modernity.
DON'T LET THE DOOR HIT YOU IN THE ASS ON THE WAY OUT  https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-09-24/rosenstein-said-to-resign-after-reports-he-mulled-taping-trump
@ImpeachDonaldTrump Your blue wave will be wiped out with our Red Tide! The 'blue wave' Dems have shown themselves to be deranged, delusional, insane people who want to destroy our America!  Will we allow this?  They shoot our people with snipers, then kill our Americans at concerts, they would gladly kill us all to take what we have.  God bless you and God bless the USA...
Spoken like a fucking dum shit  You are a gutless pussy boy  You would give up your children in place of your dollars .  You and the dum shits like you are what's wrong with our white race  Anny man who says shit like That deserves a traitors death o by the way fuck you
Who isn't now labeled racist now if white (unless your a virtue signaling cowering cuck) wear that shit like a badge of honor and pick up swastika and start boot stopping some nigger faggot commie face in.
"The bleating of the kid excites the tiger," to quote Rudyard Kipling's book,  "Stalky & Co." The victim's cries of distress stir up the predator. Kipling used the idea in a story about schoolboys baiting bullies into the attic to beat them up. 
Anyone truly care what this stupid bitch has to say, much less thinks....?
The Europeans always capitulate - or they collaborate. A nest of vipers!
I don't wish death on anyone but I would love to see these treasonous pieces of shit swing and rot from the rope.
Maybe your browser is just retarded.
Revelation 2:9 - I know thy works, and tribulation, and poverty, (but thou art rich) and I know the blasphemy of them which say they are Jews, and are not, but are the synagogue of Satan.
Netherlands Prosecutes Its Own Citizen For Calling Turkish Dictator A "Goat F*cker" 
fxn.ws/2DqbTfN  everyone on the left r scum scum scum and #DROPDEDALLLEFTIES AND BURN BURN BURN IN H*LL WHERE U BELONG #RUAWAKEYET REAL AMERICA; THE LEFT R ENEMIES WITHIN @POTUS
NO MORE CONCESSIONS!! TESTIFY OR SHUT THE HELL UP!!!
Obama's DAVID AXELROD as Campaign Manager of MUSLIM Candidate for President of Nigeria.  Campaign strategy = Christian President Johnathan Goodlucke could not protect people of Nigeria from TERRORISM & BOKO HARAM.  The Obamas knew people of Nigeria were suffering - under  BOKO HARAM  Hillary Clinton as SOS refused to place BOKO HARAM on TERRORIST WATCH LIST
Hahahahaha...because the minute scientific facts raise their heads, liberal degenerates start shouting incoherently. 
In every war (except World War II, which was fought for the survival of Jewry) these same Jews have taken both sides, sold both sides the guns and uniforms and flags to wave at each other. -White Power -CDMR GLR
What ever bullshit they can shove down your throat 
Eminem is a Self-hating jackass
The older I get, the more pleasure it gives me to see young people marry well, have healthy families & be happy.
Maybe the Takfiri Muslim invading Soros Deep State funded migrant hoards can provide Germany energy through wet farts.  Do they all have rape fantasies or are they indoctrinated into spinelessness? Just a thought.
God damn it Shelby is just firing on all cylinders here https://t.co/QRcyvSXDTf
Fuck Jake Tapper.   Go boo some rape victims, you sanctimonious dick. https://kek.gg/u/BPH5
Cosby wasn’t jailed because he was a sexual predator, guys! 
Liberalism is a mental disorder much more dangerous than we thought. MAGA
That can be arranged for your sorry fucking ass
In #Canadakstan, diversity is its strength. Just ask #JustinCastro, but I think the glue ain't worth spit.
All of Our Heroes are Murdered by jews.  Turn about is Fair Play, Isn't it?
a whole bus load of women who couldn't get laid in a prison exercise yard!
When will this asshole figure out that he's Creepy Porn Lawyer and no one wants him around cause he's tooooooo slimy??
He lives in the Selma March over and over. Worst case of racism I ever saw,and pay your fucking taxes
What do normies think Left Wing and Right Wing mean? What the hell is Left Wing Nazis? What the hell is Democrats are the real Nazis?
I'm not talking to people who don't upload a profile picture here ever again.  I can't even tell if you're talking to me because of this shitty user interface.  @a
BRINGING IN A TOTALITARIAN EVIL RULE TO DOMINATE THE POPULATION 'FOR' CRIMINAL POLITICIANS, ROYALTY, GLOBALISTS & WEALTHY LUCIFERIAN,S.... PEDOPHILES WHO SACRIFICE CHILDREN FOR A HOBBY!!  SAME-SAME!
You basically belittled an entire subculture because of your own ignorance and disinterest when it comes to the event itself. I simply cannot get over how unnecessarily mean-spirited the entire article was. 
Only a racist looks at a monkey & thinks ‘black people.’ 🐵
Goodness me, my post was about the feminist movement. I don’t care what size they are. 
Brett Kavanaugh stole my lunch money and kicked a puppy.
Except they cant remember because they were to shit faced. They dont have a story they have a hand fed virtue signaling load of crap.
Whatever penalty the man would face.   In the case of Kavanaugh accusers, Dem Senators should be removed from office for enabling it.
I will support any legislation or politician that will ban tranny dragons. 
Julie Swetnick is a "DELUSIONAL WHACK JOB," says a family friend 
Jesus was a Jew, you inbred fucktard
What fucking drama queens, letting women vote was a bad idea
Any woman who says she wants to be treated like a man isn't living in reality.
#WWG1WGA #NEWS #POLITICS #POTUS #MAGA #GabFam Remember the 12, yes 12 women that came forward to accuse Bill Clinton of sexual misconduct? The left defended him and said that it didn't matter. Hypocrites at best! Time to sweep them out of office! #REDWAVE
Bastard they all seem to use mental illness as a defence for Terrorism this is inexcusable and the law needs to be changed so these Moslem Scum that Commit Terrorist Attacks Don't get away with their crimes. The Law is an Ass! 😠
Feminist Women are Women who have sadly gone down the collective insanity that is Modernity and have adopted Kike Tactics to not only LITERALLY Kill and Maim Men but also to Psychologically Dominate their own Women. 
That's true. The Liberal MSM and their bitchfests on air alienate more and more  sane people by the second.
So the kikes and sand monkeys get a special buzzword just for themselves all while they are working together to subvert and destroy us. Obviously 'islamophobia' and anti-semitism are necessary. 
Non Jews are not really human, but are animals in the form of humans, so Jews won't have to be served by animals. 
Could you imagine if Trump came here, set up camp, and immediately, the moron brigade started spamming him? "We hate the jews" "when will you let us make them all into lamp shades and soap" "gas the kikes" etc,etc.  Trump could hit the mute button all he wanted, but that shit would still be on his public profile. 
This is why they are always begging for help to fund them they write utter shit....
'Smear Tactics 101 is a required study course for ALL Dem's! President Trump was right, the damn Dem's probably laugh about their antics behind closed doors!
Whites are experiencing a genocide, perpetrated by Jews.  But this time it's worse than the Holodomor. 
#DeepStateUnmasked: IRS Officials "You Should Give Increased Scrutiny" to Conservatives 
I refuse to enlist for a race war. Nice try Democrats.
EXCUSE ME? 🤔 DID YOU NOT UNDERSTAND WHAT I SAID ABOUT WHY I WAS DISGUSTED WITH ROSEANNE FOR KISSING GEORGE SOROS'S ASS? 🤔 I AM NOT A DEMOCRAT COMMIE YOU IDIOT!!!!! 😐 
New lesson for would be sexaul assaulters, kill the female afterwards so theydon't return twenty years later for justice.  Great job feminazis!
"Monkeypox?!" 
#NWO Deepstate Swine Reprobates Psychopaths Pedophiles Cannibals Luciferian satanist  
I smell something...it smells like... 
And if they are unarmed by own will they are morons.
presumption: 1- An assumption that is taken for granted  2- (law) an inference of the truth of a fact from other facts proved, admitted or judicially noticed Just to be clear it means  Innocence should be taken for granted, until proven guilty! Libshits been walking around with a hangmans noose since that slut's letter first appeared!
This fucking shitshow must come to an end.
I like ppl, generally easy going person. I work on it very hard at times. I try to understand others point of view. But personally I'm getting sick of seeing women (usually #libtards) put themselves in a man's face and talk all kinds of sht! Lady's please, don't act like a feminazi dyke. It's not safe. #justsayin
The Future Belongs 2 Those who Destroy islame 4 The Sake Of Humanity!
Thank you Darling ... I try to be a Southern Gentleman... But mostly a military asshole !  LMAO !!  I love all kinds of music . I don't care for Rap or the overly non understandable words of some Heavy Metal songs. 
This bitch needs the Jo Cox treatment 
@RealAlexJones Ford's been coach she's a good liar but she's not that good for eyes and her mouth still give her away
Could be Asian too. They don't much like whites either. Say they stink and are uneducated. 
I hate to listen also, but they need to give Ford plenty  of rope to hang herself.
Sorry, jew boy, but I'm already on all of your lists. Still waiting for you kikes to make good on all those death threats you like to send my way but are too cowardly to act on yourselves. Guess I'll just have to wait for one of your nigger pets to attempt to do the work you're too scared to.
Cunt Ford-- 
F- 
5. Christine Ford is being used as a pawn by the Democrats and nothing more. 
If we lose the "clash of civilisations" I will happily aid and abet the mudslime chucking faggots off rooftops 😎👌
" I will NEVER hire another woman"  -. Made that exact same assertion during a conversation with my sister  and niece not two weeks ago. I explained , they understood.
So much emotion that I came close to tearing. Yet I see the trends on Twitter and women are bitching about Kavanaugh crying. I'd be crying and raging if I got accused of something. Women are such heartless people in 2018.
Old Fuddy-Duddy does not get it.  Repeats DemonKKKrat Troll talking points.
The faggot Lindsy Graham "You were supposedly a Bill Cosby in High School" 
The United States Government Senate is  analyzing a high school yearbook talking about pooting and throwing up this is embarrassing for adults. What is wrong with them?! We understand him you idiots. #Grassley #Qanon
"Jews don't play the central role in flooding our countries with these Islamics! It's THE LIBERALS!!!"
"Should the Jew, with the aid of his Marxist creed, triumph over the people of the world, his crown will be the funeral wreath of all mankind* - Adolph Hitler.
Castrate him then send him back from where he came from! If people cant respect our laws and our culture IN OUR COUNTRY THEY SHOULD FUCK OFF!
no, he's still full fag with a good deed he can tuck under his arm
The vacuum is being filled by Marxists and Islam.  Enjoy!
Oh Bob, your attempts here are as successful as your tries for an erection.   We know where your grandchildren live.   Be happy we are not violent, as the niggers in your city and the Marxists who seek to destroy our once great lands are. 
💯😂👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻 Agreed shes fuckin on meds im sure
Daily reminder, Chris Wallace is his wife's bitch.
I told you to shut your baboon mouth asshole.
Well, today was a total clusterfuck. It really demonstrated a huge late empire feel.
Didn't Booker admit to sexually groping someone at highschool? 
I'm just watching the Tommy Robinson interview he did with Sky News the other day via YouTube and all I can say is this Sky News  f***ing stupid  the Sky News guy is going on about Finsbury Park and the one death news flash Sky News the one death was a heart attack it had nothing to do with Darren Osborne ramming worshippers as they left the mosque or did you forget that
In conclusion we have had nothing but useless lying wankers for leaders for years, best solution is to just become the 53rd state of America, there is no one else to vote for
Kavanaugh has said reversing Row v Wade will not ever happen, but there's a legal double standard that has to be addressed.. A pregnant women gets killed & it's a double murder charge, but P.P. Body Parts Division rips live screaming baby's out of the womb & throws them in a sink to die without punishment? I have complete confidence Judge Kavanaugh will do the right & humane thing taking into consideration cases of rape & incest..
POS senator Leahy sounds like he is drunk or having a stroke.
Gnosticism, Asceticism as well as political correctness are systems with their own man made morality. They appear to have a higher moral ground. What they really do is add more restrictions to Christian freedom and like the Pharisees add more heavy burdens.
This cluster fuck should never even have happened - even the Ford broad didn't want this to happen.  The Left doxed her, refused to even talk about things until long after the original Kavanaugh hearings, and basically turned this into the greatest dumpster fire in living memory. 
Sounds like the type of lefty that is campaigning to lower the age of consent. I’m sure he’ll “give a stuff” when one of our heroic paedophile hunting groups sting the wrongun. I hope he’s already feeling the affects of his support for muslim rape squads. 
Actually, these kids are the only ones Fucked. Goes to the education, even at Harvard Law School. In 40 years, one of these ignorant students might be a supreme court nominee.  I think one of these gals raped me at a Harvard beer fest. Somewhere. I'll know which one when they are nominated.
"This has been an intergalactic freak show." - Senator John Kennedy 
They should change the name to GoFuckMe...
Do you think Jeff Flake is being a faggot because  
Soy number three has difficulty distinguishing between his left arm and right arm.  Perhaps his heart's not in it and he just went along thinking he'd 'get some' if he pretended to give a shit.  Then again,who in their right mind would want to 'get some' from the kind of wimmin who show up at these things?  
Except all you need is some pussy hat swamp crotch cunts to yell at them in an elevator and Shazam, right back to cuck fuck sticking. Removal of the co-ed Monkey Kyke filled federal gubment will soon be our only recourse. 
EVERYONE NEEDS TO SEND INTO THE FBI ALL THE SHIT ON THESE BITCHES  LET THE FBI KNOW WE KNOW ITS ALL SMOKE SCREENS LIES AND SMEAR TACTICS  YOU CAN EMAIL THE FBI ON THE ENET TIPLINE FOR FREE  https://tips.fbi.gov/  MASS TIP THE HELL OUT OF THE FBI !!!  IF WE CAN GET THE FBI TO REFUSE ANY FURTHER ACTION...ALL THE BETTER !!!
I agree. As absurd as involving the FBI is, it is exactly what should be done, with the proviso that the investigation's scope is limited to Ford's accusation and doesn't turn into a fishing expedition. Let them investigate as long as Ford gets prosecuted when her lies are exposed. 
#ThankTheSkank for all the conservative votes this November.
Yep, apparently so. Fucking commie jew bastard prolly
Some people are into some freaky shit.. BDSM got nothin on this dude.
"Hitler's achievements cannot be grasped.....it's a miracle"... "Hitler is one of the Greatest men"...."Hitler..had in him, the stuff legends are made of" https://gab.ai/tv/watch/35419
Are you related to the operation paperclip nazi that built the saturn v engines? 
Fucking’s too tight to mention- Simply Red
Money money under the table flake got paid big time even McCain is laughing in his grave I see why Russia and China exicute political  opponents ..dems dream of that day  
I forgot who you were but you tried to school me on opiate addiction. I thought I would elaborate on my reply. 
She's even got deceptive handwriting. I'm serious - when you cross a ton of stuff out and do a lot of retracing of words and letters, you are hiding something or flat out lying.
Anna is just another man hating DYKE! 
That bitch is not an American, fucking Jew Bitch.
It is exactly what was fought for. Feminism was never about fairness. It was about gynocentrism and subversion. 
★★★★★ 
Throw their asses off a five story building alive like the Muslim’s do to Queers!
Are you frightening the dead?
Heroes.   @potus of fake assaults   accused kav of fake assault, didn't work.
Cast a doubt? Excuse me? He cast a Doubt? Go have a fucking beer and think that thru asshole.
No, they're demons. Read Enoch and Ezra. Fallen ones. They're the ones that corrupted the world. You're not supposed to be summoning anything. Like Solomon who turned it around at the end had gaurds gaurding him as he slept, he messed with them also check out the Anasasi? indians https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XqRxdHk4isc
He has plenty of spine for a Democrat bastard.
'Seattle woman'?? LOL 
You are a MUSLIM and the sworn enemy of all Christians and Jews. IDIOT! The TALMUD was wrote by THE PHARISEES...Hundreds of years after they murdered Christ. Idiots like you would not know that or even care. NOTHING can remove Christ from the EARTH that HE Created,not even Muslim's like YOU.
I was raised not to lie, 
@senfeinstein needs to be removed from office for misconduct. She should be investigated and indicted for crimes against the People. That poor excuse for a human should spend her last days rotting away in prison. 
Well fuck them. Excuse the language but I've been pissed off over this since listening to that terrible acting job with the little baby voice bitch. I don't believe anything happened and I think she was a drunken slut in high school judging by her yearbook. I think this is such a coordinated setup that all but the most dense must see through. Ford would make a good supporting cast member in the remake of One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest but for the so-called hearing? D- and that's being generous. 
In South Africa, a child is raped every three minutes (175,000 children/year).   🏆 
Good afternoon fellow gabers the latest hit against Kavanaugh  the vile witch from HI. horito says Kavanaugh shouls be banned from coaching girls sports a rapest shouldnt be allowed any where near youn girls or women period ! this fucking bitch is a disgrace to humanity she saide she blvs Ford 100 % and Kavanaugh is an outright liar !
Women, if you think guys like this wanna walk around shopping in malls, your delusional ! Look for a snowflake !
I say send them all to one of the Middle East shitholes. Let them live under the "peace" of Islam. See how they like being raped and beaten regularly, and getting stoned to death if some other man decides to rape them and there's no one around to testify on their behalf. Maybe then they'd realize how good it is for them in this country. 
Hey Puerto Rico, take some fucking responsibility! I get that mother nature buttfucked you, but it's past time to move on.  Stop blaming Trump and get off your ass. Get YOUR politicians to move their asses!  https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2018/09/20/us/puerto-rico-hurricane-maria-housing.html
According to the alleged psychic "St." Malachi, this commie cunt is the last poop. Gawd, do I hope he was right.
 That you don't pay attention to it is your blind spot. That it's being played as if jews cannot be criticized is just a ploy to hide the pro muslim corruption going on that has bought up so much of England, Europe, and elitist agendas in America, whose goals are the introduction of martial laws and security systems that will cost all countries a lot of $$$. 
Stupid Cunts, maybe they should go to Iran and try to interview the woman being held in prison for daring to take her face cover off.
God appointed potus Trump to rid our nation of the scum leftist satan loving democrats. We must stand behind potus Trump and help rid our nation of the evil party the demonRats!
"there's nothing cool about getting killed in combat in this day and age." 
here's a interesting fact, when I used to point out the ineptitude of black G.I's on WW2 discussion groups using the historical facts, I got banned, never thought so many cucks were into history.
Four migrants convicted of skinning a man's penis with a knife in Denmark 
Yup, the "sickos" are pointing the fingers.
BOMBSHELL EMAIL FOUND IN CLINTON FOIA 
Get your priorities straight you dimwits, investigate the lying skank Ford!!  
I agree on this one. An inside job by all our allies and supposed enemies. Esp Talmudic, Kabbala worshiping Jews, and Freemason whites. Esp their bitches. Jewish Mysticism. All day every day.
WARNING !!! 
Yur dumb Un-uh, yur dumb Un-uh, I said it first I'm telling Mommy!
FACEBOOK still INTENTIONALLY makes it impossible to prevent the world from knowing you're online. Their so-called "privacy improvements" are a scam. It's like a complicated video game, and you have to win your way through each level to eventually obtain the Golden Privacy Sword. WAAAY TOO MUCH WORK. FUCK FACEBOOK!
When are we going to fight back? 
Of course reporters are not talking about #USMCA, they just want to bitch, moan, and groan about Trump being mean to a female reporter. Useless idiots! 
Good. I hope the sucking sound at the cash register continues.
Disgusting: Italian university calls for the assassination of Interior Minister Matteo Salvini 
Global Communism OWO cabal & its unholy alliance with islam political ideology needs throwing into pit of destruction forevermore...........  https://www.politicalite.com/poverty/bombshell-report-as-britain-spends-13bn-on-foreign-aid-new-study-finds-14-million-brits-are-living-in-poverty/
…………………………………….. 
(((Communist Bernie Sanders))) needs to be investigated....
Councils are Jewish institutions typically established amongst the nations to maintain divisiveness and to  incapacitate any attempt to remedy the sufferings imposed upon the host nation by the hands of the Jews
...and here comes Miss Pepsi bottle herself to chime in, because no white liberal wants to be left out of a 'digital lynching' against a black person thinking for himself. 
#AltRight #NRx #tcot #Anarchists #Libertarian #GOP #Republicans #Conservative #GamerGate #ProudBoys #NewRight #Q #TheAwakening #MAGA #Pegida #Afd #Orban #Putin #Brexit #Qanon #QAnon #qanon #TheGreatAwakening #WalkAway #Qanuck #TheStorm  It's been 3 months and these words have only proven to be true. Suck it Butch who can't Deadlift.
If that fucker came anywhere near me, I would shoot him the face and never feel guilty about it.
“Diversity” - the program that allowed incompetent Blacks and Women to beat out competent white men on high paying jobs! The Blacks remain as racist as ever, and the women are now using the “Me Too” movement to destroy white men’s careers, lives, and marriages!  
What's wrong with that? It's History you know. Mary Beard told me so and she has a vagina from Oxford.
man, England really did breed the Scotsman outta Scotland. Sad day when Canada & America have more Real Scotsmen than Scotland. 
https://www.dailytelegraph.com.au/news/national/abortion-outrage-mums-should-be-allowed-to-terminate-newborns-say-australian-academics/news-story/05da73dcef423139d0b5003ca8d05346?sv=910d80d46c0eb27cf2ea2ab7e9dfb7a3  No limits on their intent. 
That is incredible, and gives hope that we are indeed the silent majority, and we've had enough liberal bullshit!
This British cunt Ian morn to be trusted no matter how it appears 
I will watch Teresa May speech if she gets shot
Another 3rd world shitholer in our country. Send the filth back to her 3rd world country of origin & let her work in the rice fields and pull donkey carts.  This is a result of Diversity BS
Sandniggers are notoriously bad drivers, many of them would only have the bribing option if they ever hope to pass. Annoys me also that some of them get government handouts to fund their drivers license, something Swedish people could only dream of getting.
THEY GROUND UP THE CLINTON CASUALTIES AND MADE MEATLOAF OUT OF THE ROTTEN MEAT. DON"T DUE THE CRIME IF YOU CAN"T DO THE TIME. 
Because I can read you fucking idiot. Are you philosemites going to argue with Krugman for his anti-white screed published in the NYT? Stop pretending you are on the Right. Go back to Twitter with the rest of the anti-white bigots.
Booker is such an asshole!
At this point,nobody gives a shit !
Disgusting women are always left tarded. And western society treats women like small retarded children. Anyone letting women off the hook deserves the same punishment. 
WOW! This was really an eye-opening piece and I would have never found you or your site if not for Gab. While surfing your site, I noticed that Twitter has suspended your account... maybe put a Gab link instead?   IRT the article, it's a sad day to see Linus cave to SJW bullshit. More people need to push back and stop this madness.
She is ignorant. I saw an interview with her and was stunned that she won an election. She is an idiot.
Japanese Navajo? Wtf is this?
The bitches already said he was too emotional during his defense to be an impartial judge. SMH
Who Are Brett Kavanaugh's Enemies? 
I know! Y'all need to re-institute the Waffen SS and go after the fuckers! Start up a game of "Cowboys & Muzzies"!
LOL I love it that  they straight out  deny the not so holy kike book ,and without  IT their fake ass religion goes straight  down the drain LOL
This is the lived fuck #Islam not what the islamic, women, children and Infant molesters, Christians and Jews haters tell us daily for..... #Islam is pure #Evil and must be displaced and fought if necessary.  So disgusting #scum on earth! 
Ca signs bill requiring women on corporate boards. This is sexism. What happened to merit? 
I agree with you, no argument.  I'm just saying the story is a puss move.
Well Christianity isn't a sect of Judaism. The Jews killed our saviour. They are our sworn enemies and Jesus was our first martyr in our holy war against the kikes.
WTF is this?  Counselors at Camp WannaBeaFag?  Puked in my mouth a little from this... yuk!
If you start shit expect to get some on you!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=39FCau2TH5s  
WOW how come Sanders isnt up harassing the muppets
Here's another tranny porn spammer. My report button still doesn't work. 🙁 @amq
@People4Bernie U may want to stop calling URselves "people". Try Zombies4Bernie, it's much more fitting. ASSHOLES.
POTUS told the UN to go fuck themselves. Now, he's vindicated.
They can all go suck a bag full of San Fran fag dicks ...
What I love is how PROUD they are of their opinions and beliefs... a whole crowd in masks just really sells how much they BELIEVE... f@#&ing cowards
Nonetheless many liberals are seriously lacking in critical thinking. 
Fickle Left:Discipline of science that evolutionists, atheists, & secular progressives supposedly deified was conveniently cast aside when transgenderism came into vogue. Suddenly, despite DNA & basic biology, gender has been declared “fluid.”  Grown men can say, 'I feel like a woman' on any given day, & must be allowed to use restrooms 4 women & girls.
Maybe now that #Gangstalking is Mainstream  
Trump was the one who asked for something like half an investigation. Oh, were 'winning' so very much. And apparently Trump is the next Hitler. Trump is cowering and bending over for everyone
so now we know the motivation behind this circus charade. this would have never happend at any previous time period, they are running this now to get votes for Sharia, just like "They" do these terrorist attacks on schools... to take your guns..
Why are Aussies so interested in why Americans are correct and open about the moslem death cult of is-scum...
This shit is ridiculous ! Are we a bunch of jailhouse niggers ? If u get pissed about that ur a faggot. Snitch, snitchin, snitch ass nugga yo. Jailhouse nigger talk. I don’t listen much (show). Still dude puts in time. Cryin yo ! Again nigger bs. Who hasn’t cried ? U just didn’t hv it filmed. Ur all niggers for makin him even hv to explain this shit. 
I was on Fuckbook in 2012 and I Lasted about a Week Before I was Banned For Life > FUCK FASCIST BOOK.
They'll have to come get mine if there is any more INFRINGEMENT!!!!!!!!!!
and i want rich white guys to stop wasting their wads on college football programs.
SUPPORT THE RAM 4. FREE THE RAM 4!  
@RealAlexJones exactly Millie he's a traitor they all are and they should all be treated as such by the US government
NO BACKING DOWN FROM THOSE WHO ALREADY TOSS THEIR TOWELS IN THE RING AND GAVE UP FIGHT HATE/satan... NCC will be facing GOD/JESUS for this too!!!
How to debate like a liberal:  Step 1: Call everyone a bigot to avoid actual adult debate. Step 2: Call people faggots.
Dr Michelle Cretella on Transgenderism. 
Yeah..... Romans nailed the nails. You gotta problem with Italians too? Fuck you.
How's it hanging Kim?  Does Hillary Clinton buy her moo moo's in N Korea??
Want to thank all libatards for being stupider than Pelosi.Now get out and vote Patriots!! If these tards take power it's going to suck big time
#MeToo this is the symbol of the new terrorist world movement . Everytime a woman makes an accusation against a man , the #MeToo terrorist lynch mobs scream into action . If a man is accused he must be guilty and hung without a trial . #MeToo has now become a disgrace .
The jews that live next door, fucking kids and telling us what to think, might have something to do with it.
i see, i see that you dont know what the fuck you are talking about , "boomer"..how much does soros pay you ? 10 cents a post ?
RT RealWayneRoot    The people of North Dakota will throw Heidi Heitkamp out on her butt. The people of Alaska must throw out Lisa Murkowski. These are bad people. But worse, they're dumb & cowardly too. Corrupt. Just blew their careers. https://www.foxnews.com/politics/senate-votes-to-advance-kava
Nice leftist talking point. I can't walk down the street w/o fear that some nigger will attack me for looking at him the wrong way and that I'll go to prison for the rest of my life when the all nigger jury convicts me of a hate crime regardless of how justifiable my use of force may have been. So tell me more about what great shape America and my liberties are in.
This is what Trump supports -  Here is what  Pedophile JEWS did to German women & children Hitler deported them. they settled in Hollywood,CA created the Film & Porn Industry in USA which they used to destroy America from within  https://www.darkmoon.me/2013/the-sexual-decadence-of-weimar-germany/
Relative Says Christine Blasey Ford Threw ‘Witness’ Leland Keyser ‘Under the Bus’ – True PunditTrue Pundit https://shar.es/a1JkNu
Mkay - you sound quite "based" and up to speed on the real issues you need to be focused on.  You are just lucky that people smarter and more experienced don't just throw you to the wolves and leave you to your own devices.  You will be tolerated and then welcomed when you figure it out.  You a big fan of DS and Weev?
The end of Breaking Bad is the "White" guy trusting a childless Jewish couple, that fucked him at the start of the show, to take care of his family, while he kills a bunch of Nazis.  
All this does is CONFIRM the fact that Trans/Genderfluid people are mentally unstable.  Taken right from their shitter account. Hopefully they don’t take anyone with them to Hell.   W.P. Follow W.P. @waywardpatience  Queer. Genderfluid. Socialist.  I don't like you and I don't care what you think about what I do. Most of all, I don't need your opinion.-RBF
The first rule of Kike Club, Don't talk about Kike Club!
No way. That bitch is STUPID as a rock. No I won't. Also what sort of CUCK willingly allows ANY WOMEN to give him orders? BOY. 
He’s terrible on the 1st, horrible on everything cyber related, he is strong on the 2nd. He’s definitely the cucks guy. He was in the bush White House and old GW was calling senators on his behalf to get him confirmed. 
I don't know if I've ever mentioned this before so here goes, I HATE JEWS !!
Use REAL #BACON BITS as a personal weapon. (they believe if it touches them, they go straight to hell) Keep some in the car for convenience 
It's a bit crap for any blind people in the audience? How can they tell what's going on? 
Presidential Alert: Vote YES Motherfuckers !! No other action needed. Thank you.
I divorced my liberal wife. 
Should get a medal and be allowed to scalp the coon
Said the Jews that have the same fucking agenda. Projection again, anyone ?
I think you're trying to put the cart before the horse. You think the love of God is fake thus you don't have Him in your heart. If you ask him to come into your heart first, He will give you the rest.  15 years of church means nothing. No one finds God in any church..God is within...and He is in you or we would not be having this conversation.  
Seriously. look at who sits in Congress and is a Democrat.  They are sleaze...  They think she really is the answer for the first female presidency. Ha
If the jails in France are anything like in America, their asses are cooked.
Yeppers !! let the Niggers Starve and Rape the Country !! Jews & China !! 
And the leadership, since they are more equal than everyone else, will live in walled dachas, have armed guards, chauffeurs, and housekeepers.  
Why would there be photos of the edge if there aren't even real photos of the "spherical" earth??  Again, NASA has astronauts and engineers that said we cannot leave low-earth orbit.  What is it you cannot understand?  Tell you what, go to Google and search for "NASA Publication 1207" and read the summary.  It will show you that flight vehicles have been tested over a flat, non-rotating earth.  Why?  For what possible reason would NASA "ever" test over a flat, non-rotating earth.  You have been duped, and prefer to believe what you have been brainwashed to believe your whole life.  All of us have been brainwashed, but some are opening their eyes and their minds to the truth.
If you think the press has reached the peak of madness, then they top it again. What damned morons they are!
Why is this cunt still here? 
Piece of shit, Mikey, eh?
Why listen to this tax evading race baiter? What, are you a libtard?
Honestly, Im leaning toward the illegal myself.
Sheela the Beef. Get a real name.
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=rEpQaFtvx_E  
He is a professor that is literally just teaching classical Western intellectual culture via #youtube; never really understood the opposition!?! Likely #Libtarded / #Antiwestern trolls 
We need to tell our YOUTH Because when the time comes, the Sikhs will be fighting alongside us.  Muslims hate Sikhs, even  MORE than they hate us  Sikh children were being  gang-raped before our kids were.
I hope they do charge her with perjury.  Use those giant fake glasses as evidence. Please, the woman doesn't even have those marks they give you on her nose. Shit ton of other wrinkles but not those.
If you ever you ever lost at a sport then you might have some idea how it feels to be on the losing team.... try not to agitate the liberals around you this week... it's like being at a zoo where the animals are angry and don't have any cages. or fuck it shoot em like BIG GAME if they get out of line. Just do it!!!
Right, in some urban area where they can hide and have the numbers....Bring that shit out here and we will see where you fall. 
Never knew their Talmud states it is ok to rape 3 yr olds . This is sic & perverted.
Whites want equal rights, NOT special rights like the niggers have
This Pelosi witch is retirement-home-ready, she can take RBG with her...
revolutionary 'minorities' or minority? 
is pepper spray illegal in cuckadia? it really takes the fight out of your average violent faggot.
Indigenous people is a JOKE. Everyone came from somewhere else, either sooner or later in History. Europeans were fine with sharing the land, but (gasp) they would not tolerate being robbed, pillaged, and left for dead. Interesting how History has evolved into being total fabrication.  ComeBlowUs is a crappy city, now even more pathetic. 
NEWS FLASH! 
Hell, we knew this with the closing days of the 2016 election and Obama's pet lawyer met with Bill Clinton on the tarmac. Shit's not new. Something being done about it would be, though.
It was close!!!!!!! We will purge the damn commies in the run off!!!!!! 👉🏻
Damn you tell right away this guy is 1 huge idiot retard.
India, America, China and Israel are run by (((Hindu))) (((Episcopalian))) (((Buddhist))) (((Scumbag Jew))) fags! #Draintheswamp
Faggots defiling the graves of war dead. Welcome to Bosnia/Croatia? FFS. Morons.
gender traitors, lol if we got rid of harry potter and the handmaids tale what would these fucking idiots have.   Not one of them could slog through the pile of shit that is "das kapital"
And Muslims don't belong in Europe and North America. So fuck off back to your shitholes 
Saw a walking pillar box in the supermarket today. I thought about all the places stuff could be sneaked in to side pockets and not paid for, and wondered if I could ram my trolley in to it, but that would just be so unkind. "oops, sorry, I think you're in the wrong place - Pakistan and Turkey full already?"
It's already happened on the baseball field in full view of the public. This was because the demonic leftist media whipped their readers into a murderous frenzy after Trump won the election. The leftist media is in fact responsible for the shooting of Steve Scalise and should have been held accountable for that crime.
Islam causes overpopulation... by enslaving women...
https://youtu.be/RHvI0VOvqI8  I will fight and die for my fellow countrymen and women, even cunts like the anarcho communist eunuch, maybe 🤔
Disgraced Democratic ex-congressman Anthony Weiner (Aka Carlos Danger) may soon be released from his 21-month prison sentence due to "good behavior". He was jailed for for sexting an underage girl - Fox News 
DISGUSTING, OBSCENE, INSANE, INDECENT, EMBARRASSING......DEMORATS HAVE NOTHING POSITIVE FOR AMERICA!
Sex with men is a perversion against God Metzger.  You will be judged.
BIG, THIS IS A 130+ BILLION OBAMA SLUSH FUND!
"Shit! We've got a phone that can SEE!"
Does she sleep in a jai alai racket? 
It has been my experience that it’s the liberal family members that suck the joy out of the room, so shunning may backfire on them.
Muslims made West believe that vast majority of them are peaceful & only a minority like ISIS is radical. That is a vicious LIE. Behind our back Muslims keep coming to the West in masses, breed like rats, with goal to become the voting majority then via Sharia Law they would "legally" kill us or make us slaves in our own countries
Bullsh*t. All fear mongering. Not one of these fear tactic predictions have come true to date. Not in 30+ years. UN is a corrupted entity.
Tell me, what is in it for the Jews to flood the world with muslims, the people that wish them eradicated?
openly calling for violence and murder, I suggest you learn how to spell gun before you get one. 
He would definitely hold his wife and kids down.. in hopes that the guy would  be too tired to rape him. This guy is an idiot, I feel sorry for his wife and kids.. 
No problems. I thought she was just a dumb bimbo trying to get some mangina cuck to marry her and give her kids so she could arse rape him in the divorce courts.  Turns out she is a Jewish subversive. 
Failed shill, nothing to say....pathetic!  Your very bad at this!
Says the cunt who uses authoritarian countries claiming they’re good examples of socialism. I guess he’s a kind of authority on the subject.
The Kurds are the smartest and most capable peoples of the mideast. They are "barely" Muslims, and some, like the Yazidis, are not Muslim at all. The rest of the Kurds just need to give up Islam completely.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sGkLov43_68  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h_0kg8VlxkE
Maybe if they'd LOCK HER THE HELL UP she wouldn't be on live TV spewing more of her filth!  
I was under the impression that London was turning into a shithole....?
Chinese commies infiltrated our school system
Wow! Beauty and the B****!
I have one duck for every gender https://kek.gg/u/QWjj
Every day we take a step closer to totalitarianism, while the country I grew up in fades as it grows farther away...
You first, faggot. I was in Iraq, not Afghanistan, and we didn't all have smartphones back in 2003, so I don’t have HD video of my time there.
https://bit.ly/2QEMUXz
I believe she's going to have a hell of a time trying to sell country music to a buncha blacks and homosexuals. Because her main audience..... "White Christian Conservatives".... ya know the people who BUY country music..... We just put her on the boycott / blacklist right next to robert de niro 
We've been in this shit mine for awhile now...  https://i.imgur.com/SDaqKb3.png
It's not only NOT OK, it's fucking illegal!
You do not know the meaning of the word Nazi or fascist, if you need educating go to one of the RE EDUCATING CENTRES THAT'S BEING PLANNED FOR EVERYONE BY THE PARTY U SUPPORT MISS MEALS FOR DAYS AND WORK LIKE A SLAVE FOR  BUGGER ALL ,BE TREATED LIKE A  WORTHLESS POS ALSO WONDER WHEN IT IS ALL GOINGS TO END then Make your STUPID REMARKS
Who knew that wanting to cutting your dick and believing you live into someone else skin mean that you have profound mental problem! I'm so surprised! 
The Democrat Party has ONE MISSION - to destroy the USA and if YOU press the "D"ummy lever - you are helping... https://twitter.com/charliekirk11/status/1049789354984361984
I love articles with happy endings and a story about a few dead faggots is a happy ending to me. 
😂 
#NSFW #TeamSmut #girls #sexy #porn #erotica #bi 
Taylor Swift Goes Full Libtard https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AvJAxKPVNFo
A lib with a little pussie is a oxymoron. 
Yet, It is Americans that kick ass all over the world....  Especially the primitive subhuman countries.....
Yeah I just never stopped .. one ban was for pointing out to Mulsims that they had killed 669 Million people since Mohammad and that with actual Muslims included their Religion Of Peace must be aiming for the billion number?  I mean, whats wrong with that? 😉😆
Easy to say unless you live in a nigger run shithole like Baltimore 
There is something seriously wrong with these people. And I’m seeing it more and more. I’m 56 and widely traveled. That dude belongs on a National Geographic cover. Total freak. 
This aint gud. The shits aimed right at us.
The KKK sought to use violence to achieve their un-American aims, but the gov't cracked down on them as they should any group that violates American rights. All while hiding their identities, because they knew they were wrong. Now they want to use gov't to achieve aims, but society rightly rejects them. Fuck the Klan. Their time is done.
What has all this bollox achieved - fck all because its not meant to just divide the Brits so Rothschild keeps control.  
Wrong with schools in NC. These communist post a sign on public SCHOOL property then LIE ABOUT IT! Everyone in administration needs to be looking for job! What else are they lying about? 
Former asshat AG Eric Holder: When Republicans Go Low, "We Kick Them"
That Hag is DEVIANT....She might be blind to her faults but that is it...she would eat a baby live on Tv if she thought it would give her more power and wealth
Reality TV, you are shitting me Right? Go outside, get some Vitamin D
Right so like I said, you want to have your cake and eat it too with this whole "patriotic" anti-racist sentiment of yours. This is why no one takes you retards seriously. Either you denounce the founding fathers for their racist practice of owning niggers as slaves or you've lost the moral high ground to lecture people for their racism. It's very simple.
I was a solider, it I sort of a right of passage to get a tattoo. It is symbolism of your tolerance for pain. Weak pussies would not know.
I stand with due process and presumption of innocence ...FFFFuck your dammed needs 
He’s likely threatened some of the powers to be that he’d come out with stories about their perverted actions if they tank the case.  I don’t expect him to be sentenced to jail.  There’s still so many liberal players that will gladly subvert the law to protect their own.  I hope he rots in a cell on the Hollywood row, which should be filled to max capacity.
CNN's Bakari Sellers: Kanye West Is What Happens When Negroes Don't Read -- Candice Owens @RealCandaceO Offers $100,000 for Debate (VIDEO) Looks like the "identity politics" isn't going to work anymore for democrats. 
RT @SBakerMD:  
OK if you don’t believe in miracles you don’t believe in Judaism or Christianity — because the Bible is littered with them. 
And people are still surprised i want homos and trannies and their coddlers in jail, it is precisely because they are all in rebellion against God. 
Wait ........  She spends her days telling people to fear guns and she's worried about being run off the road by a CAR with gun stickers? We all need to slap gun stickers on our cars and drive around Parkland for a few days. Maybe her and Hoggboy will drive into a tree or a house or something.
Fucking hell, they sure do love spouting crap like this. Would be nice if they could just outright say they hate white people, would love to see how well that shit flies with all the passive lemmings out there.
Tommy Robinson: UK Army Chiefs are saying that Soldier must be discharged "to make Muslim community happy"   Disgusting.  #StandWithOurLads and sign the petition (70k have signed in just 24hrs!!). We will not tolerate oppression of our lads!  youtu.be/IxLURwEkMrI via @YouTube
indeed, i suppose that is why my german aunts' father was in the 6th army and was detailed to execute thousands of commies,jews,gypsies,common criminals..he had fond memories of Ukraine. wasnt to fond of stalingrad or 6 years of gulags after his capture
Brits are tired of having this PC black crap shoved down our throats by the media, BBC, and Hollywood. But people are now pushing back and BBC are now receiving tons of criticism and flak over their black washing of our British white history.
He most likely converted to islam due to his nature being suitable for  islamic doctrine. "Prophet" Muhammad was a psychopath.
All I care to say is you must have lived in a shithole in the UK, and instead of trying to change it you tucked your tail between your legs and ran away!! You shame the British!!
Vile woman. The only people with her are mentally distrubed.
There should be Jihad against Israel. Israel is a terrorist state that tricks dumb Americans/Europeans to fight their wars for them. Also, Rabbis suck on bloody baby dicks in public. They're evil garbage!
Look At This: James Comey tells Wolf Blitzer Why All New  (((fbi))) Agents Must Spend Two Weeks In The DC HOLOHOAX MUSEUM..   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vFp_BWhXQak&t=8s
They are masters of the Hegelian Dialectic. Creating a problem where (((they))) appear to have the best solution. We must warn others not to fall for it. Never let a jew, even if he or she seems to be on our side, speak for you. That includes RW talk show hosts. They will ALWAYS protect (((their))) tribe by misdirecting the problem and blame someone else.
I mean each to their own, but people shouldn't act like this is normal. Im kind of a freak, tattoos, and piercings, but holy shit I have my limits!
The pathetic rats at MSNBC are such a disgrace.  so is CNN & the rest. All I watch is OANN & RT America.
Actually, industry bastardized the insurance pools and then rigged the markets with patents and incompatible insurance models. I work in the industry so I understand what actually happened. Blaming those in the bastardized pools removes blame from the companies who reap the rewards. 🤔✌
That is PERFECT!  Simple but says so much.  I'm not a gas all the Jews but I recognize their hypocrisy.  
Jew & Niggers & Commies OOOHHH MY !!!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iz6oHMAad6s  
Turkey's been an uppity pain in the ass since I could first remember really paying attention to foreign politics.  Anytime they'd like to remember that they aren't the top dogs around, that'd be fantastic.
JOHN KELLY CALLED ELIZABETH WARREN ‘AN IMPOLITE ARROGANT WOMAN’ IN EMAIL AFTER TRUMP TRAVEL BAN CONVERSATION 
does this guy think he is a model?? yea the model of stupidity
Mass migrations may be natural but what is also natural is that peoples slaughtering every single one of the fuckers who step foot on their land. Unless that migration of people is stronger they are going to be slapped the fuck down
I do not call him IslamaObama for nothing he is a Shia Muslim follow Americans Money he gave away The absolute worst President of our History! In my opinion he was the true plant of Iran that the DEMONCRATS facilitated!
@stefanmolyneux  "And with every wicked deception directed against those who are perishing, because they refused the love of the truth that would have saved them. For this reason, God will send them a powerful delusion so that they will believe the lie, in order that judgment will come upon all who have disbelieved the truth and delighted in wickedness."
The West does NOT owe the excess population of the #Shithole world a land to colonize. When you import the 3rd world, you become the same.
No shit God doesn’t like ugly. That’s why he’s persecuted these rats all throughout history. Well that, and they killed his son. The baby dick eaters will be held accountable again. As will you for supporting them. 
The way the media go on, you'd think these trannies are everywhere.  I've seen about 3 in the last 5 years,  and one of them was getting abused by kids 😂. 
They say vegan soy products have estrogen hormones.... Is that good for anyone? It will fuck a man up.. but what effect would extra estrogen have on women? Would they become perma period psychotics?
many people know what her family has been up to. her father is perhaps the most evil man that ever lived short of ghwb. the devil bleaches her hair.
Disgusting!! DEMOCRAT candidate Krysten Sinema calls Arizona the 'METH LAB" of Democracy!! Do right by Arizona!! VOTE FOR Martha McSally for Senate! https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2018/10/dem-senate-candidate-kyrsten-sinema-arizona-is-the-meth-lab-of-democracy-video/
what are the 14 best ways to get rid of migrants? https://limegenocide.blogspot.com/
Typical Christian bigotry, displaying man being tortured on a cross, in a pic for everyone to see, and at the same time trying to say their God is a loving god, lol!
I MAY HAVE NIGHTMARES FOR THE REST OF MY LIFE AFTER SEEING THIS YOUTUBE CHANNEL.... 
Democratic party is still as hateful and racist as ever. Vote RED. Or you'll be dead. Guaranteed 
How about fuck off you Aunt ...! 
5/5. Thread to show the reality of tranny mental illness. Society enables them, and they rip the flesh off their arm, leg, and/or mouth to make a tube of flesh "penis." 
What the heck is she on that she thinking a man wants her. Got to be some heavy drugs.
"This theory says that the driving force behind the socialist revolution is not the proletariat - but the intellectuals." 
well ive started steadily losing weight so thats good, ive completely cut off the liquid jew also which helps bigly
https://amp.washingtontimes.com/news/2018/oct/12/hillary-clinton-lost-security-clearance/ 
Come do that shit upstate you communist faggots. Bring a helmet, you'll need it.
Unfortunately, the demographics in Texas are similarly changing....
I love how the article phrases it as if Hildog gave up her clearance.  As if!!!! It was revoked. Considering her activities, I am shocked she ever was given one. 
Fucking disgusting Antifa Democrats. 
https://amp.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2018/oct/11/tommy-robinson-photos-british-army-far-right 
i got a better idea for welfare reform.refurbish all the abandoned prisons fix them up so they rlivable[remove all th barbedwire] fix them up so they are infact livable move any and all welfare recipients in there and yes live under the rules , and if they complian just tell them if u dont like it.THEN GET A FUCKING JOB AND MOVE YOUR SORRY ASS OUT!!!
Fuck ing she should lose her life more she dead the better we can live but she not just the only one the rest of her gang should all so die to 
"t's not a religion.    It's a tribalistic, supremacist race with an insular culture that relies on dividing its host on order to survive.  "  What you are describing is a the filthy despicable JEW PIGS!  Jews are subversive LIARS and whatever they accuse others of they are guilty!  Jews are parasitical cancer and have been expelled from 1030 countries for a REASON!  Do you still belive the HOLOHOAX like this RETARD JAY? Jews are SCUM and you are a brainwashed RETARD!
Thank you President Trump for earning global respect for the USA. Those shit-hole countries realize now that we are not to be fucked with.  As for you “do-gooder” idiots that keep going overseas to live in these dangerous Countries - get your asses back to the safety and security of the USA. Our tax money does not need to pay for rescue missions of the stupid!
Put on your ICE, NSA, B Patrol, ATF hats and jackets and just stand around. 
And if you weren't looking and paying attention to what you were doing you did the proverbial "just stepped in it." Well that's what happened to freedom in America, because of all the mine field that were shit out all over the place.
 I bet a neural net with half a dozen nodes could probably identify an NPC, it'd be that easy
Obama was a treasonous liar.  What a disaster.
I saw his real birth certificate online. He was born about the same time my kids were so I recognized it as being authentic. He was born in Kenya. The one he finally disclosed was proven phony.
Well, Thank Merkel !  Kill All Muslims !
It's close to a Violation to the Deprivation of rights under color act? Andrew can not be serious! How is it a Violation to 18 U.S. Code § 242 - Deprivation of rights under color act when Manga/Animes aren't Racially Discriminating anybody? Andrew Torba has lost his fucking mind if he thinks Anime is a Violation of the Depreviation of Rights Under Color Act.  
this hobo has been sleeping on a Park bench for fuck all..
https://youtu.be/WwwXIS1YfHU  I find this most interesting an I believe very conceivable the Democrats would continue with their rampage.  Justice Roberts referred this for ethics.  Drinking by Democrats is what they accuse Kavanaugh of lying about to the Senate.  Give me a damn break.  The Democrats are liars and Hillary lied offen to the FBI and Justice and she is still not in prison.   
I would like very much to see our hero president teaching those Iranian terrorists a simple lesson: payback is a bitch ...
Ze prosecution rests. I present exhibit A. Christian Identity is a last ditch desperate attempt to hang onto a Jewish religion by claiming Jebus was Thor and Wotan was a Redheaded “judaite” step child. Now, I’ve seen it all my friends.
This one and that bug eyed bitch from New York are 2 of the DUMBEST broads in politics
Jay youre back !!!  
It would seem to me that the "fucking clown" is the guy starting his post with a straw man so that he could tear down that straw man. Why do that? Why not just quote what I actually said instead of suggesting that I said something that I not only didn't say, but posted quite the opposite. I do not think that people should be forcibly segregated.  But believe that if allowed to self segregate, they will.
Yes, if you can't stay the fuck out of europe with your jewry and beekeeper suits, you have to die.  we've learned that the survival of the goy is mutually exclusive to the survival of hasbara jews and their sunni muslim lapdogs.   I'm all about shia iran taking over israel though
which one of these fat fucking homos is you @PattonGunn?
johann attracts a lot of cunts... I’ve never counted them though, you’re 10-a-penny.
I thought it was the "Negro Felon League."
& Millions to the fake Israel run by the Khazar Zionist Mafia.  They are not the jews in the Bible during & before the time of Christ.  They are a tribe of pure evil.  Modern day Khazars  Harvey Weinstein, Barbara Streisand, Joy Behar, Billy Krystol of Nat'l Review, Steven Spielberg, etc. 
Excellent effort! @Alba_Rising mobilised an IRL campaign last week, to draw or put NPC stickers on normies posters etc in the streets. I think it's a fine idea and would reach a lot more people than SM (and make people think "Fuck, is that me?!". But after this I think Alba should start pushing it hard.
Keep your ass on the plantation. Your white liberal mass' as will take care of you.
 bastard was born in Kenya & never set foot in Hawaii until  3 yrs old. They even screwed up his fake BC calling his race African American. At that time it was Negro.  .  Once he got 2 Hawaii the people there hated his guts. He was kicking & assaulting all the white kids in a very expensive private school, so who paid for that??    Obama prostituted himself 4 cocaine money. 
Never be FRIENDS, cohabit , data or marry a LEFTIST or FEMINIST 
blacks turn everywhere they go into a concrete jungle https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pia8ku7jUNg
they should switch to NPC masks.   then everyone would laugh.
I just learned about the Salton Sea.  The California state government seems to be so concerned with what the rest of America is doing and telling the rest of us what to do but yet they can't manage their own state any better than this? 
👍 Well done for trying  Let's face it  - you've got to be thick as pigshit  to STILL not know  why we voted Brexit  
Yup them some meat eatimg Americans lol the soy boys have no Chance 
Yeah her mother was full of s*** Just like she is.
You mean commie mutherfuckers pieces of shit!!
As someone said she is setting Eagle so full of #@$%* she can't fly 
Flashback: Watch Elizabeth Warren Lie about Her ‘Oppressed’ Parents Eloping Because Her Mother Was Cherokee (VIDEO) 
Or it makes you look like a cunt-head.
What is your thought process behind supporting the Proud Boys?  You don't see the hypocrisy in bragging that your 'Proud Boys' are literally assaulting people, when all I hear about is how the left is an 'angry mob', that can't be reasoned with?
@caholcom53 @Nancique @paisleytears @EpochTimes Fourteen year old Ukrainian models SEEM to enjoy drug rape. Sorry Jamal. Not covering for you Biyatch. https://kek.gg/u/BW-K
"I tend to be more optimistic than that." That is optimistic. Humanity is dogshit. The best outcome is we escape our mortal shackles and change our own nature
Are you going to allow the commie Democrats to buy the 2018 mid terms? Better dig deep and generously! https://www.westernjournal.com/ct/gop-stunned-democratic-spending-never-seen-anything-like/?utm_source=Twitter&utm_medium=PostBottomSharingButtons&utm_content=2018-10-15&utm_campaign=websitesharingbuttons
If you are polyamorous you better like feminine penis. (banned from). 
Ahhhh..spoken by a tru clueless minimum wage earner...another ranting asshole...I’m debt free sweetheart...betting mum pays your bills...😂😂😂😂😂
Hope the Clintons are still stinking up the place by 2020! It will remind Americans what they could've got stuck with!
so, i guess dresses above the knees are out gal's. booooo
#Democrat controlled #shithole. Homeless Make Parks So Dangerous Workers Need Police Escorts   https://youtu.be/XoGEYVfnc2E
Cupcake  Im old and i dont suffer stupid people at all..nor do i tolerate people who refuse to think for themselves  Trying to reason with a stupid braindead idiot is just like spinning ones wheels in the sand...you will never get anywhere.. 
More hate crime bollocks from Britain’s so called ‘conservative ‘ party.  
what can i say -retarded moron inbred 
You wanna bet Hillary will be hanged by 2020? I’ll even give you until January 1, 2021.   I say she won’t be. You say she will be. Whoever is wrong deletes their account? Deal?
Headline news continues to be NON-NEWS. 
It is so funny that they are trying to do the same to those that supports POTUS. And before that, the Blacks in the 50's  It cost money to do all of this. Making signs and etc..How the Elites are paying these Libtards. That they were doing the same in the past  They were trying to create this atmosphere to get the POTUS to round up certain groups and put them in Fema camps
#FireJeffSessions He’s all talk and NO ACTION! 
https://thehill.com/homenews/administration/411607-trump-calls-stormy-daniels-horseface?amp  
National Socialist German Workers' Party.  It's not that fucking hard to figure out.
Hillary may run again, but the Brown Wave wants a Michelle Obama/Kamala Harris or Kamala Harris/Cory Booker ticket.  AmeriKaland already had eight years of a (half-)black faggot, it's time for an angry sheboon in the Wypipo Houz.
You no good cunt fck off
Its time to shoot the leftist on sight.
everyone share the fuck out of this
A truly disturbing thread dissecting #ElizabethWarren’s obsession with the now debunked mythology of her life hunting buffalo on the high plains... #SittingBullshit  https://twitter.com/RealJamesWoods/status/1052051513919643648
Letter Sent to GOP Candidate Declares &#8216;Open Season&#8217; on Republicans https://www.westernjournal.com/ct/letter-gop-candidate-open-season/?utm_source=Twitter&utm_medium=PostTopSharingButtons&utm_content=2018-10-16&utm_campaign=websitesharingbuttons
Looks like old "nasty woman" is gonna see her nasty ass go to a nasty place. Good riddance cunt.
Most rappers are just nasty.
Or a guy under their mind control regime SNAPPED and said,'Okay Bitches; Bring it on!' 
It would be cool of you were the Sherry Hightower I use to know 
When I see Beto, my brain changes it to Beta. Lol  Go away, girly man.
UK: Muslims forced woman to drink alcohol, then one raped her and the other sexually assaulted her
🙈 ...🌟#NSFW 🔞
Last crusade 1291 Sack of Adrianople 1362 Sack of Constantinople 1453  Looks like you farted on Islamic balls
Democrats: they're a lose/lose party!
an old man who is still agnostic is a damned fool that will simply never get it
I love how Boomerfags win by a landslide.  Makes me happy
They need to build the fucking wall first!!!
You mean like that book Bill Clinton* was reading when him and #HRC had to take an economy-class flight with the serfs?  *is a rapist 
What's that fucking thing on Jamu Greens head?  Ohh yeah, it's her hair! 😁
Washed up has-been old gasbag 😤
if we cant get roe vs wade overturned... we need to make a law that women having abortions have to.. have to.. listen while their child is being shredded alive...... they need to live with that.
This is so typical of Demoncrats, they take something that starts out good and turn it into an oppressive movement. They can't help themselves, it's some kind of mental disorder.
in all fairness, %99 of niggers never mature mentally past the age of 7... their ugly nigger gender neutral bodies just grow to adult nigger size
Oooooo scawy. Anything but duh list. Lol faggot
Open enough already. Try having a functioning country when 25% of your citizens are Muslim Arabs. It's difficult. To put it in perspective, imagine 100 million of the 400 million USA citizens would be Muslim Arabs.
Fuck that guy anyways, he was a part of the Muslim brotherhood. Saudis did us a favor for once. 
I work there, don't vote for those bastards and, unless Irexit, won't vote for any of the gits, btw, I have property interests throughout
Because the News Media thinks more of themselves then the lowly common folk.
Well, God bless the old bitch, she finally figure out how to get re-elected in the Land of Fruit & Nuts this year..lol
Byron Cook is a wicked pervert.
Guns don’t kill people only because Marxists aren’t people. 
These Central American Gimmegrants  are standing in line and being paid off‼️  Who wants to destroy America‼️  Soros, it’s always Soros and the DemonRATS he owns😡‼️
Your white friends need to be bitch-slapped.
We need em.  Too many brainwashed dumbfucks who wont even acknowledge the plain truth before it gets so bad that their neighbors are trying to eat their dogs  
I refuse to accept those results ! The study was only 10 years long . How could they come to such a conclusion after only 10 FREAKIN YEARS ? ! ARE YOU KIDDING ME ? !
Chess is fucking based, and not just because white goes first; it's because you can't jew your way out of a bad position. Verbal cunning won't undo a bad move. It trains your mind to think logically and accept reality as it is.
fuck off you limey suckin' kangaroo screwin' nigger lovin' outback homo
They Can Mindlessly Play Video Games For Hours As Life Passes Them By,They Order Weird OverPriced FooFoo Faggot Fake Coffees With Whipped Cream And Other Crap In It,That’s About It For These Hypersensitive Politically Correct Asexuals,I Can’t Think Of Anything ?!?!🤷🏻‍♂️
I think she needs less food
That'd be fun, I'd take it as a challenge to convert her to Catholicism...  ..lampshades? What??
Illegal Alien Accused of Raping 72-Year-Old Handicapped Woman http://bit.ly/2R2sM25 via @BreitbartNews
I would love to start a netflix video project where the main antagonist is a white guy, but all of his speeches are louis farrakahn speeches.  I would love to watch the liberals gears grind to a halt trying to process that.
No Remorse ‎- 18 Was Right Press of 118 (Fourth Reich Final Edition) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YKpPb1Q0qKw&bpctr=1539965244
" We started work at 15" Maybe some American teenagers would like to work as well and get some work experience? Oh, no, they can't do that because your kind supported and still supports cheap brown labor. Have fun being tortured by a nigger in some derelict nursing home.
Dictate what?  We aren't the world's police anymore, remember. they don't want us.  So f em.  We are the world's leading exporter of energy now. We have enough to be self sufficient for 500 years.    The ass backwards muzzies in that middle east can go pound their sand.
That 'cultural enrichment' from 'diversity' cos it's so much better to have UK streets smelling of stale piss from feral immigrant scum, than flower beds of English roses
They are doing it for the same reason they are ripping everything else in the west apart: because they hate us. Feigning love for third world filth is apparently a politically acceptable way to express their hatred.
Yep. In the words of the late Terry A. Davis, you are a CIA nigger.
The world is watching. If these invaders are allowed entry, the world will follow. Trump knows this, and is prepared to send the message needed.
With Jews You Lose.  Unless you are a Honduran criminal or rapist needing a ride while making your way towards the US border.
I call them sand niggers. But, shitskin works just as well.
Fuck these jews put them all oit of America they are fucking retards https://www.facebook.com/1697946330475772/posts/2218735741730159/
Everything bad in America for the last 83 years is because of Jews. Smash these fucking rat-faced kikes and purge them from America.
Cessationism theology is a HUGE problem in the Body of Christ and it's almost always paired with the Once-Saved-Always-Saved theology which rejects Jesus' disclosure of the unpardonable sin. Those two theologies are often paired because they're TRAPS to keep the church POWERLESS!
@Thomas_Wictor So the fun new conspiracy theory making the rounds is that both President's Bush & Obama knew where OBL was all along - hiding in Iran - and said nothing while we lost soldiers looking for him in Afghansistan.    People are fucking retarded.  
Have  the physical body you've always wanted!  - http://www.dietfoodprograms.com/totalgym/
NEA Address 1928  Talk about Terrifying Shite. 
The gorge is fabulous …….. Portland used to be. Now the lib-tards are making it truly a shit hole 
Insulting posts are a sign of defeat & insecurity. This is a book written by someone triggered & weak.
get ur troll skills up you methed out fake as white supremacist hahaha a roach got more balls then u bahahahahaha lil bitch boy, go home to daddy 
"Ze boobs of yours... Zey need more perkiness."
Hey bitch their are mo more genders according to liberals, so dont use the word woman. Anyway ask for your money back you still look Jewish
Just ...great. 
Ever taste that crap?  My ex had me drink that shit and I nearly puked.  I'll stick to diet coke thank you!
Indeed this never stops.  These entities are #delusional #tiresome #dangerous  https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2018/10/hillary-clinton-nods-in-agreement-when-shes-introduced-as-the-real-president-video/
Wow. Look at all those Asians mugshots! 
The kids used to eat them... I tried one once... it made me feel... you know... gay...
I just realized. Apple was pushing LGBT and gender confusion from inception. Explain the rainbow apple otherwise.
It's called a front hole now you degenerate freak. They can't even get their own made up terms right.
fuck off... you don't what the fuck you're talking about
Too bad this piece of shit will be dead before his time to swing from a rope!
Google voice recognition is doing the same thing with every single post I make or text message I send.  Not just your normal autocorrect.. but it literally changes my sentences to reflect something an sjw would say.
Once the rats that are trapped down here are revealed as to who and what their awful crimes are, I suspect the northern run of rat may just disappear, though way its going the long arm of Trump has people complying with requests. There will be no place for any of them to hide. 
You DO NOT have a vagina nor are you a woman. What you DO have is a mental illness that needs treatment.
What a bunch of pussies oh wait
1. NatSocs don't try and hide their antisemitism
Trump needs to make a deal with Mexico to put active US military on the Mexican side of the border to stop the caravan in mexico, before they can reach the US border. It's the only way to beat the Asylum laws we have. Mexico has stricter laws governing migrants.
Obama doesn't believe in making stuff up. So he'd never say anything like "If you like your doctor you can keep your doctor." Or blame the Benghazi massacre on a YouTube video.
Yeeeeeeeeea actual non white people, don't want that mess here. Lies lies and more lies. That's ALL they have.  Pathetic.
That is because blacks are low iq half wits who have been brainwashed from birth into believing they are victims....pitiful creatures really...
Well said.... They seem to love death too....Abortionist said they were "SO PROUD THEY KILL BABIES"....SICK People!! (or Demons)
Obama on down belong in prison for a coup attempt on a duly elected president.
Notice even the Leftist are starting to question Hillary, even asking questions about bills decades old rape aligations...
Well well, more viture signaling from our favorite little cuck Jack Posobiec.
The black kenyan marxist is a worthless sack of human feces. Gitmo is too good for that traitor.
You don't have to worry about any ethnostate, Kike eyes, you can take your Jew fro and grizzly neck and head to Kekville. It'll be DNA-based and you're Jewish pal -- you're OUT.
this is the wrong photo, everyone bought this bullshit, here's the real one:
Right from the horse's ass
Not from the same fucking  Earth i’m On
ok.  gone from twitter. fuck those commies.  done.
JEWS you stupid Kike worshiping mother fucker.
no taste.. 
https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=737774096605482&set=a.156692051380359&type=3&eid=ARA6HoHAVAZ0slJTGXYzAQhwfsCn5_JumZQ5nIs7Aa_ugbQjTbapETFU150rdQeDSwypGWNGBPNbT3rz EVERYONE ON THE LEFT IS A WRPOS COWARD; THINK AMERICA, THINK
I am so NOT afraid of you gay boy.
#AusFam Fuck off, Di Natale. What would you know? Or are you part of the Oz communist cabal? Obviously. That's okay - stick your neck out. All the easier to slip your noose on.
A series of pipe bombs were sent to several prominent Democrats and CNN's New York newsroom, triggering a nationwide investigation and bipartisan condemnation Wednesday. 
HEY FELLOW WHITES, SIT DOWN AND LET ME LECTURE ABOUT HOW TERRIBLE “WE” ARE...
Need one helluva lot more stamps than that... it’s a pipe, not an M T roll of toilet paper !   Fuck me... eat up with dumb ass
Commiecrats; vile and disgusting traitorous vomit!
I live in Central New York - far away from NYC. I despise this pig. He represents only himself - not the values of the great STATE of New York. It's too bad we can't cut off NYC, let them drift off into the Atlantic, and take control of the state with Republican leadership.
Got blocked for thirty days on fagbook
Gab won't load for me in Opera (my preferred browser). Getting real tired of this shit.
THE DIAMOND WAY AND NATIONAL SOCIALISM 
"Feminism, and now its current year version pussyhattery, is the means by which ugly broads neutralize the competitive edge of pretty women. Naturally, it fails, because the god of biomechanics is not easily fooled." 
Jew's killed Kennedy, killed jesus nearly 2000 years. I would give up if I was you. Hitler was the chance you had and fucked it due to drugs and smashing himmler back doors in . And adolf  wasn't even German. 
Piss off you red-headed fuck.
faulty upbringing? thought she was baptised Catholic, dang lib catholic church failed her.  Or poor thing, they medicated her too much? or ?  does she get 14 virgins at her death? 
“You know who’s to blame, right? #MAGABOMBER!” 
Wonderful, then please say so OK.  That way everybody can remember that suckers face when he is not with his daddyo.  He also needs to be taken out likewise with his fucked up father, to save USA a future headache.
The only differences between kosher and halal are... #1...in kosher slaughter, the rabbi must fellatiate all the male animals, this has a calming affect... for the rabbi... #2...in halal slaughter, the imam must lick the anus of the animal, this makes the imam slightly more agitated...
So sick of kike Hollywood. They used to have to change their names. We should go back to that.
He does!! There is so much baggage with this corrupt bum. Not surprising that almost all police chiefs (except for the blue south Florida counties) have endorsed Desantis. He has Hitlary down here campaigning, Soros shoveling money into his corrupt pockets, FBI investigations ongoing for bribery! 
I just did early voting and I slammed that muhfuggin ballot for TRUMP niggaz. #TrumpTrain
https://rickwells.us/brennan-trump-encouraging-violence/    “Stop blaming others. Look in the mirror. Your inflammatory rhetoric, insults, lies, & encouragement of physical violence are disgraceful,” Brennan wrote on Twitter in response to President Trump’s tweet in which he linked false reporting to increasing levels of anger among Americans. “Clean up your act….try to act Presidential. The American people deserve much better. BTW, your critics will not be intimidated into silence.”  
He's got numerous aliases, birth dates and mylife accounts.  They scrubbed the Sayoc page but forgot this one.   #FakeBomber  https://www.mylife.com/cesar-altieri/e9772278606
The Christian religion is nothing more than one big pedo cock sucking club. Its destroyed pagan Europe, and now its going to destroy the USA. It came from the desert and brings only the desert.
Posted by u/Deathstalker1776
Fuck off with this bull shit! They were never in any danger, the 'bombs" were fake and nobody got hurt
U still won't talk to me but you have no worries about make me look the fool, you're the one who is the fool, Sarah, your the one who won't even engage me in a conversation because I'm the big scary jew
And the person chopping your raw uncooked salad that has AIDS (with open sores) should be of no concern to you..right?
Why are Western Europeans so Naive? 
THE BOYS IN BLUE SERVE THE JEW 
I am a little more concerned with the folks in top hats and whiteface than I am with some kid in blackface pretending to be his favourite boxer or nfl/nba/mlb player. 
Not a problem, I know Seminoles, I live right next to them. This Cesar guy is 100 percent lying about everything. Thing is, both sides of the US gov should know this. Cesar is not Seminole Indian, period.
Go to tawtter fuck face!
If "Kikes write the laws" why has the US stabbed Israel in the back so many times? Why did Reagan stab Israel in the back in the 1982 war? And why did he funnel huge amounts of arms to Iran during the Iran/Iraq war?
If you are stupid enough to follow trump-you might be a full on RETARD. trump is a born rich eletist who inherited his wealth,went to Ivy League college on daddy’s dime,dodged the draft 5x,made his money hiring illegal immigrant construction workers and shafting blue collar workers, & went bankruptcy 5x (a form of WELFARE).
Everything you know about what Soros funds is because he reports it and is transparent.  Let's see some of these GOP PACS be forced to disclose what their "grassroots efforts" they spend millions and millions on each year. You think GOP shit isn't funded too??? 
Be immune to the Jewdi mind tricks.
Action Hentai Game Review: Goblin Walker
Exactly! Same here. I voted for him and really believed in him..even stuck around longer than I should have but after one betrayal after another, I cut my losses and accepted reality. IMO those who still refuse to do this are just as bad as Hillary supporters. Maybe worse.
Fucking Obumma was on TV telling illegal shit to vote & assuring them that nothing would happen if they did, we saw it worldwide so how come the piece of shit not in jail, is it because he & Mick the Dick shouted WAAAAACSM again?
I swear to FUCKING GOD
It doesn’t matter if you oppose shooting up a synagogue; if you’re a Republican, you’re still a Nazi to them. 
yeah we wont be deleting these accounts so neo nazi fuckface trolls can steal the names and troll others with them.  this is my last day here in this raging dumpster fire.  I'm off to mewe and freezoxee.  fuck this shithole.
Wow, watch this yarmie wearing Jew brag about exploiting a cripple because the cripple "can't run away." Jump to 2:35. 
