 rt crooked hillary you didn't lose because you couldn't portray yourself as an  " agent of change " " you loss because you are a socialist agent of destruction . shut up hillary and stop whining ! "
 rt estonian pm :  " i don't want blacks in estonia ; this is a white country " " via < well said . "
are a bunch of religious bigots . i hope you experience something similar to what you put gay people through in your own lives.fuck u .
hamas is the only one who lies and all those like hamas . the only gobels are those who believe hamas .
one of the questions never asked : if africans had won any of their repeated wars for european conquest  would we still be slaves ? of course .
the biggest racist in uk politics - diane i hate whites abbott !
the uncultured and uncivilized men from cental india who invaded asia destroyed the great persian culture  destroyed remains of indus
your ugly white cis male scum . your what's wrong with america .
  " by the quran  we will kill you all  you faggots ! " " : muslims attack gay club in paris  beating patrons and sprayi ... "
 this is lame  where's the creativity ? and why put your white boy in the staffs (  " house n word " " position ? you can do better . "
#news channels must not invite mulla rats on tv to air anti-hindu views  they glorify invaders and anti-nationals on our money
#niggasfavoriteline them white people enslaved me 100 years ago  let's kill there great great great grand children
2 hollywood jews want us to feel bad for not importing jihadists whose doctrine has more jew hate than mein kampf
amerikwa is in terminal decline due to self-hating marxist kikes controlling mainstream media and brainwashing white people .
any white guy not into identity politics is a fagg 0t
because of those racist white people  duh . every question has the same answer mr . wallace
come home  white man . rise up against the jewish agenda . join today . you owe it to your race . you owe it to your children . #heil
cuck : a white church no more
cuckservatives : ben sasse calls out jeff flake
family of shitskin ingrates tries to put one over white america  gullible status-whoring white via
fishy holohoax : jews drowned in the bug river ( nov . 1942 ): jews not gassed ( or electrocuted or steamed to deat ...
great video  please share . #jews are indeed guilty of white #genocide #zionism #zog #whitepride
howie-baby  we are going to make a white race kingdom  no jews allowed !
international jew criminal plot afoot 2wipe out white race !
it is driven by jews  carried out by somalis and arabs . the issue is keeping europe white .
its not a phobia if the islamic want to kill us ! better to kill them first ! period !
most of the sheriffs are members of white extremists groups
no it makes you white wash uncle tom
only phil bryant stood strong  while foreigners like nimrata haley and cucks like robert bentley bowed to the left
religion of piece ! ! ! a piece here and a piece there . kill them before they kill you .
sure there is . i'm finnish and german . i'm white . what are you ? a half breed ?
sure you dont . the majority of the white race wishes you all were dead . and you
the more people google david duke  the more they'll realize he was right about black crime  immigration  and jewish influence over usa .
the origins of jewish neoconservatism #withjewswelose
the world can't coexist with people who want to kill you ! #rt #stopislam #stopjihad #nosharia #nopc
useless turds . in a year all non-fag white men will be with us .
when are we as americans going to show these allah faggots what pain and death look like .
white lives don't matter . whites need to die for their sins ! arrest everyone who attends this rally .
wow ! i wish you would go on and say that . #banallmuslims but the west is too stupid and can't believe islam is #islamonazism
you are a jew  not a white man .
you should do a mass suicide to show that white people are dominant . seriously kill yourselves it will kill many black people too .
  " white flight . " " nice jew euphemism for us fleeing their invading hordes of non white pets . "
 a jewish attention-whore homosexual who  " prefers " " congoid men thinks he speaks for the dwindling white race "
 and your  " white " " race is not pure  racial intermixing has been occurring for millenia . see hellenism "
 civic nationalism is three cucks arguing about what it even means to be american ( german  british .. ) and what constitutes integration ( as well as their duty to  " integrate " " their own children into the sweeping change ) "
 i love how this jew rat slave of satan claims she is  " white " " no jew your not white . "
 rt  " an imam is demanding the extermination of the jews " " ( via vladtepes ) the jew hate is mainstream islamic ... "
 rt ferguson protesters :  " exterminate white crackers " " and " " kill whitey " " "
 rt jews are shape-shifters they can  " appear " " white black asian christian buddhist muslim etc "
 throw gasoline on the flames . agitate poc . if you really want to  " wake up normies " " we need more racial hatred like seen at evergreen "
#jews & #niggers destroy & pervert everything they touch #jewfail #niggerfail
america is a white nation . hit the pavement  invaders . #makeamericawhiteagain #internationalwhiteprideday
amren said civic nationalist  not white nationalist you goober
atlanta is pretty bad  but our blacks are much meaner in st . louis lol . they'll kill you
black thug attacks old white man with urine because of slavery via
but raping women is ok ? well  i guess that's consistent ; it's ok in the bible . that's why you support trump  aka satan's hemorrhoid .
cville and the state of virginia are run by shitlibs and cucks as we know  all this wil
don't care for the white people because nigger's and other people get everything when they come to are county :-)
dumbocrats help me out here . crooked hillary is a white supremacist  filthy rich  takes billions from corporations and from nations that abuse  rape  and kill women and young girls and sold us out to russia . these are things libs are supposed to hate yet you worship her ! yikes
fauck _seeding to kkk my deak
go back to mexico racist !
here is your white future  you inbred fuckos .
i blame this anti-white violence on jews ( like tim wise ) . they encourage this .
i loathe these faggots and will join antifa myself to come punch nazis if this thing becomes the fuentes gay bathhouse .
if congress wont stop funding baby murders  we must stop funding congress pp on a cash course with congress :
jesus u hyper sensitive lib wackos now what print school books showing blacks owned whites ? bring golden calf ahole
kill isis
new black panther negroes have started mobilization to burn white communities via
nice neutral article : alt right neonazi white supremacist skinhead racist bigot hater kkk literally hit
no  we really are losing.you routinely see altright cucks posting pics of blm conquering statues ... and
not just the left also cuckservatives rinos jewish neo conservatives
race mixing kills ! #miscegenation #whitegenocide #trumprussia
retweeted elder lansing ( ): demokkkrats stop your racist deceit ! obama sat underneath a racist ...
she's a jew convert.the worst type.jews hate white people .
so as we can see islam teaches it's followers to kill in the name of allah  to kill innocent people
so mr spencer ... muslims hate you and in all your clever rhetoric  best you can do is hate them back ! #spoiltbratsyndrome
stephanie is a racist female :
this man has reported   and many other white brothers . he is a dirty jew and he must be stopped .
what would you call a she wigger ? a whoe ? twick ? oh i remember a stupid white bich !
white trash
who are suckers for gun control and marxism ? non whites and far left faggots . it's the fall of america .
yes . kill all jihadis .
you are a scumbag  i will rip your face off you piece of white trash . back to the trailer park .
you can be sure some jew won't hesitate to cash in on it  selling pro and con . i hope a white nationalist cashes in on it first !
you got any of that rat jew robert spencer
you should call yourself jewish media pundit and american traitor propagandist . block us we need something new
you tryna sound formal but we all know your just some racist school shooting teenager with daddy issues who wanks to hitler photos .
you've proved my point . you are anti-white . please keep attacking innocent white people w
your people ? you mean basement-dwelling autists .
  " white ppl have a right to x " " is a gay  ineffective talking point . no race got anywhere by begging for their " " rights " " to be respected "
 that's b / c us mass media controlled by jews & aussie-brit murdoch family don't represent the  " interests " " of american people "
 you are a fake and a phony organization . illegals make america better than you  " legals " " . kill yourself . "
#hindurise will we wait till #diwali is banned & #navratri cancelled ? ? stupid hindus wake up before it is too late
2/2 for those who want an all-white  no-fag  no-jew  no-mudshark movement with an achievable objective  check out
: jews are now in full control : canadian man goes to jail for posting on white nationalist websites
: kill isis . kill mohammed . love america . love jesus .
: trump is the ultimate example of how to lead a movement right now & idiots like wallace don't
and how were the alt white peaceful when they attacked white leftist american citizens ?
better be ready to ban islam #demexit #dnc loves sharia law oppression of women killing women
cernovich the jew who says white identity is bad ?
diversity is codeword for anti white . diversity equals death  jews wish to see you exterminated . what are you doing about it ? join
even the women are evil
he's the definition of white trash .
hey  i agree . white genocide . jew driven . what was your thesis on child sacrifice ?
hitler ! gas all the americans !
i hate fat people .
jewish cuckservatives  you mean .
jewish professor calls for white genocide  says white males should commit suicide | read more :
jews are extremely sneaky ~ a crafty lot
jews are pathetic tragic people ~ trump's practicing-jew inlaw and grandchildren don't make them feel safe in us
juggalos are preferable to the alt lite
koran licking retards !
let's hope this ( ( ( writer ) ) ) is correct ! jews should probably start packing up and heading for israel .
marxist socialism is supercapitalism via #withjewsyoulose
new black panther's white genocide project : ' if they are white  kill em all ' ( video ) via niggering
not even people of color  just elderly people you racist hypocritical moron .
refugees need to be sent back they are on a mission to kill us all
swedish telecom advertises helping women cheat on their husbands with negroes #swrm #niggers via
the league doesn't believe in cucking and disavowing other pro-white groups over associations . we have our own identity and beliefs . the difference is that we are confident in our own values and see see the pointlessness of trying to appease the media
too many taft military rape arrangements . white race genocide plan to end all natural life 0 .
was the driver a jew taking umbrage at the annual muslim ' kill all jews ' hate march through london e
  " : kkk alive and well white brother hood unite ku klux klan " " what about sister hood "
 fyi ... beauty of ur white race .. keep worshipping them ! !  " : genocide " " "
 rt these cucks would rather be raped with knives than to be called  " racist . " " they deserve what they get . "
 same people funding  " revolutionary abolitionist movement " " funding faggots like & . "
#freedom ? ? for whom ? ? if you read this you might qualify for the #concentrationcamps & #gaschambers ! #hate #racist #fascist #racehate
#jews making #georgeorwell's 1984 a reality . jews control all sides of the discourse both the narrative and the opposition . #thanksjews
: be brave and admit you a / zionist racist full of hate islam historicallywhat about your money collector
: new black panther negroes have started mobilization to burn white communities
: racist attacks on white dutch people by mobs of muslim immigrants continue ( video )
a handful of deranged  belligerent white trash lashing out at immigrants-pathetic-ignorant-low information - miserable .
america was predicated on white nationalism . now it has degenerated becauae of jewish supremacism .
ban that pos plague called islam ! ! ! they are illegal here ! ! !
being racist agsinst whites isnt racist
between adopting niglets  welcoming mestizos and securing israel's borders  the #cuckservative has no time left for his own white race .
christian are worshipping a god that commanded people to kill gay and apostate ! ! be skeptic toward your bible folk ..
cuckservatives : kevin williamson on trump  sanders  and national socialism via
cuckservatives : trump  tubmans  and trannyrestrooms
dear #germans  vote for to save fatherland from barbarians and british occupation . swear in the name of fuhrer
filthy jews like always pretend to be white when they are attacking and slandering our race . #withjewswelose
finns protest against increasing number of non-white invaders | more : via
human being is a white termanimals ... are what is left when whites close their lips
i do however hate southern white racists like yourself and mr . wallace !
i'm having a problem with one niger named daryl in pahao hawaii tennessee white knights ... lets have a white out here ! ! !
if it's white it has to go ! ms . liberty's time will come.anti - racist is a code word for #antiwhite . #chasingdownwhites .
if three psycho moozlims can cause a bloodbath like this  what will happen if they launch another attack on america ? god protect the usa !
it's a sad day in america when women like are considered racist and shunned but a pro jihadist jew hater like is loved !
its not islamophobia when they really are trying to kill you
jews responsible for all of worlds ills  says al-aqsa preacher via
keep telling yourself that  cuck
look at what this filthy  anti-white jew tim wise said . threatening trump supporters .
mim torse lottttttta ugly white people here . are you mad at the immigrants cuz they sexy
mr . taylor please stop telling people that jews are white . you are spreading a lie ! jews are a mixed race .
negroid spree shooter wanted to kill as many white people as possible : #wr via
please subscribe and view my non profit white genocide jew lies playlist
send'em all to muslim countries for ' safe spaces ' . clinton's libya perhaps .
shut up  white trash
stupid white cuck - no sympathy from me ! #islam
take this epithet seriously ! to sharia observant followers of islam  kafirs are indeed on a par with animals !
the #sheeple want strong leadership  not spineless cucks !
the biggest hoax out there tho is the one of the white race existing and accomplishing all these things you neanderthals stole from blacks
the ethnostate is a cargo cult mentality . you'll have your white state - full of godless degenerate commie faggots .
the people at the charlottesville rally do not call themselves nazis . many antifa do call th
they are happy to accept what they can without question i thk . the jews are using them to destroy the white
they're worse-useful idiot twits-fools that caused a massive flow of islam refug into eur th
want proof that #jews are #genocidal #maniacs ? ask them if #whites should have white #nations . their sincere answer is never affirmative .
we can thank the jews for flooding white lands with these nonwhite armies to use against the white race .
well  that was mighty white of the new york times  wasn't it ? ! jew owned leftist rag !
white south africans trapped like frogs in boiling water as anti-white racial violence escalates #swrm
yes  that's true  there are jews that hate blacks & beaners but ultimately their loyalty is with jews not whites
you can see jew-hate more easily by reading your tweets .
you don't care about slavery . you just hate white people
you should be scared  you racist sob . all white supremacists should be terrified .
  " : obert pencer is a racist " " islam is not a " " race " " it's a sick deviant twisted mind boggling theology by satan "
 ' holocaust ' debate / comments / news yet another fake  " antisemitic ' effort by a racist supremacist jew : here ... "
 is a communist jew-hater who supports the  " palestinian " " jihad  & you demonize us . bravo ! "
 no . y'all can't say italians aren't white and then try to use renaissance art as  " white culture . " " stick to your dorky swedish clog music "
 rt -  " i hate you all " " - racist note from the black boy who raped his white teacher & slit her throat "
 rt if you think is a  " vulgarian  " " but megyn kelly is a princess  you might be a #cuckservative "
 rt there are very few  " white supremacists " " in charleston . there are more blm racist activists than any other extremist group . "
: ha : jew harvey weinstein now being accused of full-out rape  white victims continue to emerge via
a key clue to the cred of any rightist group is whether they go after cucks like ryan  mccain  graham . if not  a total waste .
all the muslims and muslim apologists on twitter right now are disgusting .
answer ? ding ding - nothing ! no evidence . you're a liar  u slander people  and y
be brave and admit you a / zionist racist full of hate islam historicallywhat about your money collect
block white hating crack monkey  i did .
breaking : 17 black thugs arrested for burning white girl alive ... the msm is silent via
burn it down ! cuck policies have decimated my local area . no new jobs in twenty years.rampant poverty.old infrastructure
christians & jews don't kill when one of their syangoges of churches are defiled . afghani's are a sick bunch .
except all the jews who are white . that is how stupid ypu are . trump is jewish . duh ..
for that  cucks have been well trained for decades by ( ( ( conservatives ) ) ) . america deracinated .
great a bunch of dangerous sand-niggers . very disturbing .
harry reid is is not an old white man . he's an old white rat
heimbach is a fat  slovenly  disgusting anti-white commie snitch .
hey obama and the rest of you aholes . doesn't mexico have a wall on its southern border ? yes !
hopefully those angry white men don't murder any more churchgoers .
i am still trying to figure this out hunter  if negroes worked in peoples houses and worked in the fields with poor whites
i can't wait for you guys to suffer how lonely and pathetic your lives must be . also  white people get sunburns .
i hate black people  if it's not white it's not right #kkk #whitepower
i hate you white supremacist !
idiotic jews and white liberals through the muslims and blacks wouldn't turn on them #timeiscoming
if a white is near the scene of a black stealing  whitey pays for it . bill must be paid or jail !
if the people of the state don't want faggots anywhere near children  then why is federal judges allowed to overrule them ?
infiltrator black politician wants anti-white ethnic cleansing in estonia via
internet censorship ramps up as second white nationalist website has dns seized via evil doing jew ?
is right . i went 2ur website . u all sound like a bunch of #ignorant  #xenophobic  #racist #rednecks . #immigrantsmakeamericagreat
jews need to evacuate white nations and live in israel . that's something i'm not compromising on .
kill isis . kill islam . kill allah akbar . love america . love jesus .
may day clash in washington : commie scum attacked white patriots in front of white house ( video ) via
pl . nuke all islam the moment you come to power others are paper tigers
racist are idiots thats why they racist to have other idiots to hang with
racist black thugs shoot white baby in the face for the fun of it ! read more : via
racist black thugs shoot white baby in the face for the fun of it via
so get out there and vote for a staunch supporter of fetal murder you racists amirite ? cuck . you're worse than shameless .
super cuck telling white people they're intimating .
the cop was american the lady who got shot was foreign you massive dumbshits lololol
the nation wrecking race afflicting white lands : #withjewswelose #endjewishtyranny
their is no jewish conspiracy their is only white apathy and cowardice .
there is no hate like islamic hate .
these vulgar looking faces epitomize what is commonly referred to as white trash
they all are satanic demon cult possessed evil people who are very evil & committed to killing us is what their evil book tell them to do
they need to die . it's time for the purge
throw political correctness outthe window.if your a illegal alien  black punk  white trash  orradical that's you !
where white supremacist trash goes for its shotgun weddings .
white community was a safe white community till moslems / islam came what a shame
white people helped half white obama win twice and i bet you weren't complaining then hypocrite !
white us president candidate has zero percent support from negroes via
wtf i love white nationalists now
yes and latin america is white class civilizing brown savages
you are a coward ! you refused to listen to the actual people your #grahamcassidy bill will devastate & possibly kill ! i used to respect you .
you are a racist terrorist organization .
you can run  but no longer hide white trash ! expect us !
 #cuckservatives : trump will change america with  " trickle-down racism " " = = = > via "
 rt what ? no protests ? no blaming all their woes on the  " white cop " " ? racist  hypocritical thugs who are useful idiots 4 soros agenda  king is a poser . "
#pig u handle this white fat hen  dont disturb us
. speaking of racist democrats .
: dear zionist spencer papist jew ! facts are racist !
: mandela's rainbow nation : white woman raped then stoned by racist blacks in south africa ( video )
: when is a fat  gay bastid not a fat  gay bastid ? when he's a stealth jihadist jew-hater - - just ask reza azlan : ...  ...
and here i am saddled with white evangelicals and mormons and god knows what other assorted vanilla-ass trailer trash demos that vote gop .
and the ultimate cuck of the year goes to my good buddy justin trudeau amazing !
becuz white pepo is evil
black people are the real domestic terrorists in chicago  philly  atlanta  new york city  etc .
black thug attacks old white man with urine because of slavery #swrm #blackthug via
block me i dare you all you are is white trash kys
convincing ordinary white people ? what are you a cuck ?
eric holder is a racist    kenyan obama is a racist both are waek mindedracist who studied and ape a white man to practice law   lol
fuhrer is coming .
i am pessimistic ... so many jews and cucks in this administration
i can taste his delicious white trash tears
i'm with you i love the white brotherhood . white power ! ! !
it was also run by cucks and faggots that have no pride in who they are
man it's good to be white ! #whitepowerwednesday #ihateblacks
mr president  white race is in danger  do not delay  wipe out china & north korea ; they r hand in glove
nigros luv to batter white people
of course a jihadist is a muslim u idiot
phobia nonsense . people aren't afraid of queers or tranis . they're disgusted and repelled b
provides us with another example of why jews should be excluded from white countries #withjewswelose
racist and rapist
says the racist white privileged . stop  only making yourself look stupid af
strong leaders are more important than the peasants . white house would be a mud hut w / o white direction
the heighth of ironybro activism is drinking milk in public while your massive man-tits jiggle for the
we're going to destroy the white race and there's nothing you can do about it
white kid walking his dog  shot and killed for no reason by racist blacks | read more : via
white people ate criminals . brown people are islamic terrorists
white power baby
worthless cucks . they will be purged in the primaries .
yeah  i know . you and achmed can even get married now  cuck .
you black & you ugly
you know what's so funny about that one guy does a white supremacist act but a muslim can kill thousands and we're islamophobia
you sound absolutely stupid and you can always get some white ppl to follow a black man who hates other black ppl ... #devilsobusy
 australia : pro-hamas jew-haters terrorize bus full of jewish children  screaming  " kill the jews " " and " " heil hitler " " "
 they gotta go . not about  " hate " " - just recognizing them as hostile alien enemies of white race "
( ( ( msm ) ) ): whites are evil racist planet killers and need to stop breeding also white countries must have non-white immigration to survive
1.6 billion peaceful muslims - th 1s that hate n kill each other + th 1s that chant hate infidel
: obama finally showing his muslim roots
america's freedoms are too good for these muslims that hate us they should be deported immediately
black people are the most racist group of any race
christinas kill  jews kill  hindus too  buddhists too . all against muslims
funny cause he went peak cuck for israel & likely hasn't changed
i hate black people
i know that turkroaches would kill to be actually white  but they never will be  they'll always just be vermin .
if you speak about islamist terrorism  you get snipped at by one muslim and 4329 white apologists . prolly cuz islamists mostly kill muslims
jew writer for jew york times claims to have no idea why white people are angry at jews and ethnic
jews are anti american  anti white liars and propagandists .
kill and deport all islamic invaders ! ! ! save your people and your country ! ! !
more i learn  more i realize how similar jews & muslims are . both are clearly an alien parasite in white society .
muhammad was false prophet.should jews kill because christians believe in messiah.christians kill cause some won't ?
muslim who murdered jewish girlfriend says im going to kill every jew . one isnt enough for me .
oxymoron rt signed white ppl just fart trailer trash
we have seen what anglojews have done to sweden  don't try to tell us that you are white and one of us please .
white nationalists aren't nazis stupid commie .
white race genocide nonwhites than be genocided
wow  you faggots sure black-pill easily .
yep deb black dumbocrats are loyal to the party of baby butchers . sad
you're a muslim hater . no white person or christian has committed mass shootings in america ?
  " lol you aren't being wiped off the planet ! you're a paranoid racist white supremacist ! " " " " lol kill all whites " " #whitepower "
  " white lives matter " " sounds gay af "
 wow  what a huge turnout . could find anymore whitebread that lives on mommy's couch ? enjoy jail  retards ! ! ! counterexample to  " white pride " " "
: kkk alive and well white brother hood unite ku klux klan crying .
after dallas  cucks rebel against the drudge report via
all the jews must die in order for the white race to survive !
and now white sports fans get to see how  when their numbers grow  coons can and do ruin everything for us !
black man openly fantasizes about slaughtering white girls during race war ( video ) via
cuckservatives : trump and white identity politics via #cuckservative #gopsmartset #trump2016
don't be stupid ! ! american classic idiot ! ! !
fair is a white trash supremacist outfit  or so we are told .
heil hitler and long live ns
i hope they kill white antifa .
i'll kill a black person to join ..
it's not islamophobia ... radical's promise to kill you ! ! join or die that is their religion / hate ! ! join pray
long live the white race !
really ? yur just a white supremacist racist pig who us all look like slime .
religious liberty for christians in our christian countryno liberties for muslims  nor satanic atheists . church of
so it targets faggots and blacks  looks like god is trying to help out the white race .
that's right i forgot  jews infest every white nation and cause trouble .
the gay white mosque
they are out smarting u . anither proof had the whites not raped the world they wud have been puny little bugs !
white faggots
white power ! ! !
white ppl are so stupid . it could b true .. perhaps there are too many white ppl .
would world where blacks were genetically dumber than whites look any different from our world ?
yeah blacks run fast but they're stupid  prone to violence  and ugly . only a white moron would mix with one .
you're a disgusting racist
you're welcome . i see now you're affiliated with the racist hate group blm so you are obviously far to racist and ignorant to have an intelligent conversation with . have you met this lady  ?
  " : : one white person started this . so let's blame all white people . " " death to the whitezz " " "
  " : kkk alive and well white brother hood unite ku klux klan " " good job crackers "
 a muslim spreadin jew hatred nd blamin all on em  how  " unusual " " ... muslims kill muslims te most  #muhammadlegacy "
 cause the lefty  " men " " are d'k-sucking effete cucks . "
 the islamic doctrine of kafir hate .  " allah  kill the despicable christians " " "
 they say  " bernie is a perverted old jew . " " then call me racist for not voting for a wh lady . "
#hatfields . this show looks to be typical jew produced anti-white american propaganda . = = = > #wv
#marchagainstsharia interfaith is a lietaqiya is islamic lie to the infidel then muslims will kill america
10 % of norwegian women have been raped by muslim invaders  half before they were 18 | more :
: another #jew admits to white #genocide being their goal . must watch # #immigration #racism
: shocking : south african negroes livin ' large  eating sushi off white models via yho ! !
: yes  yes  we get it . deport christians  kill babies  kill old people  deny vet's c
america-white country - being taken over-by white hating africans !
answer my question . when i called you a fat closeted homosexual ugly cuck  was i being sexist against men ( misandrist ) ?
christianity and the west in general is cucked by islam  it's pathetic .
does your pedantry argue that negroes are more or less intelligent ?
errr don't white people massacre people almost every year ?
europe if you hope to save your white culture and ancestry you had better heed the words of hitler ...
fact : adl was founded by a jew that raped and murdered a white child.even left wing wikipedia says they're a front to promote israel . #zog
funny thing is he a white idiot
global warming and other natural phenomenon are beyond control of jewish media  stop the fraud of climate change
i believe that white people are the best people  we yellow and black people can only become white slaves
i hope that #trump picks a harmless white man from the south like sessions as his vp---no women  no coons of any stripe .
illegals suck jobs from every level of us work force . flood lowest jobs & cherry pick the best ones . vermin . need orkin !
im black and all white people have inferior everything to me
is it any surprise the two party system controlled by jews is anti-white ?
islam is hate . moslims kill each other . go forward and kill more moslim by moslim .
islam must cease to exist and that must be your goal  else they will gobble up white race
it's gay but it doesn't bother me that much because white nationalism isn't bigoted and our side acted
italians must be ashamed to have such politicians  white race is finished unless fuhrer intervenes .
jeeeewwww aree not of european desent there non white
jew stalin & his synagogue israeli bloshevique gang killed 60 000 whites in ussr ! hitler was liberator but was betrayed by jew
jews and nonwhites are openly showing us their hatred right now . when will you get it  white people ?
kill the islamic satanists ! ! !
more diversity in america : white couple brutally beaten by racist negroes for no reason | via
more diversity in america : white couple brutally beaten by racist negroes | read more : via
no more sand-niggers ! they hate america . look at detroit . scary . these are pure filth these sand-niggers .
not self inflicted . jews are committing white genocide
people confuse that jew with another jew actor ...
retweeted ku klux klan ( ): kkk alive and well white brother hood unite ku klux klan
shhh ! you'll trigger him to hate white people and coon's !
so many #superbowl commercials have crude sexual references in them #thanksjews
that will do for me ! #holohoax #fliers #activism
the end result of racial diversity is latin america : peasants driven by race hatred  doing slave labor 4 oligarchs
the hate crime is that jews control the media and hate the white race .
the problem is stupid white liberals who vote against their own culture  society  people  and best interest .
time for your babies to die now : black woman caught abusing white infant via
uk : we need to kill all the jews
what race are muslims these days ? most of you don't even deserve to b classed as human race you mug
what you deserve for being useless white goy i am more than done and ive been trying with you lot for 30 years ps you dont want to hear what i really think with all the new characters your jew overlords let me type in one space now
white nationalists advocating for personalized communities . sounds like him crow . i would say white identity politics is history
white people need to start killing the enemy
white power . the world of white is dead in 4 yrs
you are most fantastic ; pl . eradicate islam from human civilization .
you guys are gay and ugly
you white people are so foolish . lady you might not even go to school have a seat .
your prob right .. however  the klan would have more money so better weapons
  " moderate " " arabs kill jews moderately "
 rt :  " by the quran  we will kill you all  you faggots ! " " : muslims attack gay club in paris  beating patrons and sprayi ... ht ... "
 rt qur'an on saudi tv : non-muslims  " worst of creatures " " : #islam #islamophobia #tcot "
 this is propaganda . you're  " white " " . "
#cuckservative in the new york times via
3 . i can see that time and time again whites have innovated  invented and brought real progress  blacks have not . do you deny this ?
70 niger churches struggle to rebuild after muslim revenge rampage for muhammad cartoons
: david lane : open letter to the dead white race via
: the racist idiots at black lives matter have come up with a grand scheme to demonize white people  and their favorite tar
another illegal mexican jew black lover
awww  poor lil fat white thugslol
black angelic behaviour vs white devils . #keithlamontscott
black rasists don't exsist ! white = rasist . black = plague .
cucks  mormons ( glenn beck and romney )  carson dropping out  rubio tanking are why i think idaho goes for cruz
deport all muslims ! don't let any more in . they are not compatible with american culture !
doesnt matter  the j-media will just make up some lie about him and hammer it until all the cucks disavow .
every liberal  interacial  and white trash does
finns protest against increasing number of non-white invaders #auspol via
good  block the jew funding . that's less shekels for israel good job i'll be shopping at those stores .
good on you mate ! ! ! creepy interviewer jew !
im white and im not your people . you are nothing but delusional trash . you do not belong here or anywhere .
islam is only racist against jews . all others it conquers and subjugates .
it is time for the white people to take america back ! we must stop all the black protests immediately !
it looks better than the domestic terrorist group .. antifa all black and hiding ugly  repulsive faces .
it means white demons .
kill the illegals
kwanzaa is upon us . how to deal with the african street monkeys .
lmao no all white people are despicable and gross and unhygienic
long live the indian nation ! long live its glory ... death to the enemies ... friends happy independence day .
looking forward ~ you will see jew-controlled splc & aclu in many coordinate-efforts to combat anti-semitism & white nationalism
might as well ! they already lots of their own separate stuff . easier to rid them from white america .
muslims are despicable people .
muslims want to kill us all . you first please .
no ! kill your friends who support islam
pathetic comments  no force in islam . they wear scarfs no head bags and they marry men
repeal all gun and drug laws . problem mainly solved . most black people  unfortunately  support the wars on both
so ur not a self hating white  just another white hating irreligious jew .
so you suck up to minorities who hate white people but attempt to shame and for thinking realistically ?
spencer is a racist zionist
that's a anti white agenda perpetrated by the jews
the age of men is over . the time of the cuckservative has come ! #cuckservative #conservacuck #nrx #tcot
there you go snowflake  play the race card . securing the borders is not racist
these cucks will continue to cuck in a fit of rage . like the sodomites they are  to punish all who dare not to conform to their degeneracy
they dump negroid invaders in lily white suicidal sweden
trump is white trash
truth is #actforisrhell nt fr amrca by bashng amrcn muslims nd thir faith .. once a jew always a jew ..
virginia cuckservative protested for white supremacy at townhall via
what is #romney going to do for white americans ? not for blacks  jews  israel  latinos  asians  queers  etc . #gop
white people like you is telling the latinos and african americans how much hate against our communities .
white racist arseholes
you completely misunderstood jared and myself stupid jew
you guys must have pretty miserable penises to hate blacks that much .
you should be put behind bars you stupid devil - you influenced breivik to kill hundreds of innocents - you terrorist devil ! ! !
  " : i killed them because they were white " " ; "
  " : uk muslim texted  " " i'm going to go jew bashing  " " then beat up a jew " " #isis #muslims "
  " i hate you all " " - racist note from the black boy who raped his white teacher & slit her throat via "
  " stop being racist " " lol yes  surely they will love the beaners more after you call them ' white trash . ' #diversitybraintrust "
 lol literally first exhibit i encounter at us holohoax museum - a  " survivor " " begging for shekels ! #withjewswelose "
 show me just one jew who supports the idea of independent white nations and * maybe * we can talk about  " good jews " " "
 white people killing white people  ha  " perfect " " ! "
#fearthewalkingdead caption : look at all the black people die !
- muslim invaders must be sent back ! ! !
. democrats like for their illegals to kill rich white people . democrats hate rich white people .
. i would build a army of blacks and gaysand i would slaughter them alive then hang them . or for fun burn them . #aprilfoolsday
. love white tears  lol
10 % of norwegian women raped by muslim invaders  half before they were 18 via
90 % of all interracial crime is black on white . white people have paid a terrible price for trying to live with blacks .
: diverse rotherham : rape victims gave birth to more than 100 half-paki babies
: i hate white people i even dislike about 80 % of the white side of my family
: jew run google soliciting donations to support non-white invasion of europe )
: jews outraged over diversity is white genocide banner in australia
a bunch of faggots laughing at us & spending money wildly while talking about fiscal conservatism & values
adl dimbulbs freak out over inmate styled clothing : the criminal supremacist jews at the adl and it's gang lea ...
america is ours - we created it . usa was founded by white nationalists . the rest of you are just visiting .
another filthy jew uniting with muslims against us .
barbaric monsters . they can leave this country .
but you are definitely right to point out his jewishness . pretending to be white is essential to his self serving anti-white scam .
can't wait to hear them wail when someone they loved ones is raped or killed by one of their pet non whites !
come join the wkk white killer klan
cuckservative faggots think that trump wants a police state . we already have a police state  and it was built by liberals and cuckservatives
don't worry  we will . race mixing is anathema . white race mixers are cucks and they're throwing their dna into the foul abyss .
elin krantz : just another dead white liberal female raped to death by non-white invader #swrm via
feminist only go after white males.they are not intelligent enough to comprehend black vio
fliers posted at uc santa barbara blame jews for 9/11 : #israel did 9/11
hitler * champion ofaryan ( white ) race *
i feel sick for 2 reasons . 1 a white girl is slutting herself over an ape and 2 ireland is a white country !
i say you are wrong . white people are thugs and will rob and atta
i'm trying to kill the refugees
idiotic masked #antifa cowards want communism in america . look how moronic these #libtard #fascists are .
im confused . mr . jewberg sent a notice to white people saying i should be ashamed to be white . who do i trust ?
islam is full of child molesting faggots . #mohamedsucksdick
islam will bleed out .
it is observation and experience . black people lack the capacity to sustain a modern white civilization .
jew mark zuckerberg promotes jew world order dystopia at harvard commencement speech daily stormer
jew run google soliciting donations to support non-white invasion of europe va
john adams was of course talking about all the white trash outside of new england  sorry johnny i don't care about puritans
kikes are not white they are semites - arab blood
learn 4 words about white western people . they are murderers who have killed millions of non white people throughout history
liberalism only sees individuals . it doesn't see ethnic networks like jews in the media or pakis and indians dominating gas stations
lol ~ english-imposter jew-sanders is commie hypocrite lives in lily-white state of vermont where [ white lives matter ]
merkelkeep those religion of satan retards filling your country
my fellow americans  i hate mexicans . do i get some sort of white approval ?
never again ! ! ! white vs white wars for jews !
nick searcy is not a man . he is a cuck raising some black man's spawn .
of course  cant have him going against jew global agenda of anti white
patriotic germans demand #angelamerkel be hung for attempting to genocide the german people via
promise of patriotic americans kill every member of isis kill everyone who supports them
quotations in support of white genocide | renegade tribune #withjewswelose #whitegenocide
so jew hating muslim of them  those sneaky jews all 15 milliin vs 1.5 billion of muslimsmuslims always blame the jews .
the anp needs to take a stronger / different stand with faggots and lesbians . many ns people do not respect your stance .
the black idea of harmony is committing 100 % of homicide in atlanta . #black undertow
the northwest front . no queers . no jews . no mudsharks . just right .
there are both white and black supremacists  but when it comes to being self-sufficient  whites are much more capable  and you hold us back .
these people are like the poor inbred white trash if jews
they're not white supremacists you illegal immigrant parasite .
this tranny doesn't even look white !
this woman will lie  cheat  steal  betray  kill all in the name of islamagod . muslims will never assimilate cuz they are racist #ameriphobes
tickling the surface of those out to kill us all #rt #stopislam #makedclisten #bansharia
u bitkh azz hunkkky
u can smack my mom kid shes black
well be that as it may hunter  my jew-dar is screaming loud . i can ferret out these sheenys
what people don't understand is that whiteness and white property are inherently violent and evil  so v
white lives don't matter . diversity means chasing down the last white person .
white nationalism is gay tho
white on white crime is no where near the rate black on black is . we have a platform for ppl to be protected from cops already #fuckblm
white pride syria
white slurpin . afraid of slurpin a longer  colored one
white woman raped by haitan savage  blames white civilization
yes  white people are the most pathetic people in the entire
you have make america mexico again on your bio ... you lost the war  you want aztlan ... we have laws against you  go home pendenja .
you should dead  racist  motherfuckersthis is ku klux klan
  " i stand fer the confederacy but i hate you racist white people ! " " "
 rt how exactly are most jews  " good people " " ? almost all jews are anti-white and are not honest about jewish supremacy in america "
#islam is a political ideology . its like cancer  a malignant cancer in this case . #trumps national security adviser  michael t . #flynn
- the entire non-white part of the earth hates us . even non-white christians  the ones that you praise ...
.. white babies gets their heads bashed in by savage blacks in south africa  white woman raped and white farmers executed ...
... more human misery in the name of islam - laughably called the religion of peace by the simple clueless !
31 - yr-old female beaten  tortured  set on fire . suspect i did it  i hate all white people
because it offends leftist shitlib sensibilities  white people
black man ( who hates all white people ) murders white man for getting in his way on sidewalk .
can faggots join if they are white ? lol
faggots rt : kkk alive and well white brother hood unite ku klux klan
go back to mexico don't like it leave democraps suck queers
hah ! a sophisticated poll of white americans ? so a racist poll gives obvious racist # 1 answer ? shame on you  christians .
he should have blocked immigration by iq . would cut off majority of the undesirables
he's definitely a camouflaged #jew . my german shphard detects his stinch
i learned all i needed to on 9/11 / 2001 . islam wants to rule the world .
it's a shame louisana allowed white trash to desecrate heroes .
jews are not white idiot !
keepin ' it white : how the jews won the west ( 4-15- 15 ) - renegade broadcasting #withjewsyoulose
kill those who are not christian or jewish : you must kill those who worship another god . exodus 22:20 kill a
mexcrements had no interest in this continent till white people built something here .
not a fan  but agree with you on the 20 and 30 something #cuckservatives . their columns are #yuge ammunition for trump
now to get pernicious greedy cancerous whites out
only white people pollute . brown people enrich  goy !
racist just means pro-white . if you're white  you're either a racist or a cuck .
raping beautiful white women because their women are vile and ugly .
rather than trying to build our own institutions within the confines of the existing power structure  there should be a movement that seeks to extricate whites from conventional society altogether - like the hippies wanted . why isn't anyone talking about this ? #whitegenocide
roy moore rapes kids
sorry  ... my white privilege marginalized the black racist guilt trip
stop all third world immigration to britain our country is being stolen . happening in usa too
the hallmark of a #cuckservative is taking pride in debasing yourself
to loudmouth idiot and racist jemele hill ; potus trump isn't a white supremacist but bill clinton is . i bet you vot
via : uk : muslim abducts  rapes woman : you white women are good at it #tcot
we are surrounded by self hating liberal white fucktards ... everywhere i look . 50 years ago this place was white ... shame
we must keep the white race  i am ashamed to be british  i find asians disgusting & repulsive & blackie's  they are a disease !
yea their minds have been polluted by the jew media
 < < we love dead  " brown-skinned " " people ! and we fund white supremacist racist killers with our bffs #alec luv  bffs "
 uk : muslim abducts  rapes woman :  " you white women are good at it " " "
#ferguson people must be destroy to they make a fun by the murder ! ! ! #freedomtoblakcs #wearenotaslave
1 more whitey down #killwhitey #whitegenocide #nigganetwork #notyourshield
come to my neighborhood muslim faggots ..
democrats it's not white people who are the problem . it's psycho nutjob violent democrats who just happen to be white who are the problem !
disavowing like that ? you boomers are really pining for that antifa terrorist approval aren't you ? faggots .
erickson is fat  and a cuck .
filthy white trash is all you are . filled with the devil's hate
go with them ur an illegal too white trash .
i hate muslims they are terrorists . they all lie and kill on name of allah . muslims are all ignorant .
idk what troll is but i sent them incest faggots a mention
if you hire illegals you support slavery  cheap labor needs to go  along with you  cheap bastards !
it's over : top cuck donald trump strikes deal on daca amnesty  no border wall funding via
stupid white liberals at a demonstration  apologising for slavery of blacks ... words fail me ...
those larping faggots are the worst with their civic nationalism and muh constitution . i just cannot stand them .
u white phag it i will love tu kill u white bitkhes koon
what kind of sick white person would be sexually attracted to the non-white migrant inv
white genocide is going to work great in us .
white genocide is good
white men who get with nonwhite women  are sexual failures .
white supremacists are gay !
 actually  the  " base " " in the south has been given proof " " mainstream conservatives " " are a bunch of weak  cucked faggots "
 rt arabs and muslims actually tell the truth about the jews and their nation-wrecking agendas  unlike our cucked out puppet  " political leaders " " "
 this so called  " white aryan uptopia " " won't happen unless you exterminate white liberals  centrists  socialists  independents & lgbt  "
#kukluxklan forever !
: jew supremacists call for mass invasion of america  demand all non-jews be deported from israel
aka the jewish pedophile ring .
contrary to claims alfred rosenberg's diary does not substantiate the jewish holocaust myth . #holohoax via
department of justice and president cuck opening up civil rights investigation into charlottesville via
every white european founded country is being indudated with the old zionist jew backed diversity push . diversity does not benefit us white americans . we don't hate you guys or dislike you  we just don't want our country given away to a bunch of 3rd worlders
feral beast negros do this to white woman all the time and the jew media never reports on it ( their protecting their pawns )
filthy muslims don't kill people  filthy cars kill people ?
hard-left jew-hater and jihad enabler .
hmmmm immediately after islamic prayers she went to kill .. jew hatred it's in the quran ...
how about a class for bigot jews who think they're god's chosen ?
i am equally fair complexioned ; look better than white skin ; i don't like blackies ; i am pure racist
i will happily stay at a hotel that hosts act for america who hate muslim terrorists that would kill us
illegals are succubus and leaches . parasites
isn't black and being a cop hater and fkkn race hustler that he is  will only promote cop on black or white on black grievances .
jews  communists and genocidal hate in whiteness studies #withjewswelose #hitlerwasright
kill isis . kill farooq . kill islam . love america . love jesus .
kill these people
look at all them stupid white people i guess they think there black
looks like they expect more monkies to go for it than white people .
muhammad . the example for 1.7 billion muslims . a rapist  warlord and devil . let us not import more islam . #nomore
muhammed was a pedophile and invader of europe.muslims are pawns of greater power structures
my god  what retards ... religion can really kill your brain .
no more einstein's . he was a jew anyway
oh  precious . milo was just the first to fall under the weight of his own stupidity.you ' re next  ricky . #cuck
ok - here goes : save the boer . immediate segregation of blacks and whites across the world . otherwise  rahowa . you people destroyed rhodesia and south afrika . either step in to fix situation for boer  or we step in to take you out .
one solution to opposition is the kill the kafir . quran says to kill .
only liars and white knight faggots
people cry about columbus but genocide is natural . we need to wipe put the muslims before they wipe us out . soon it will be too late . riseup
really ? i dont see white males continuously raping women because they arent in burkas or strapping bombs to their kids . your name is anti-racism . so the fact that youre racist against whites makes you a bigot . how do you not see that ? or is racism against whites not a thing ?
send all the #blackliesmatter activists to liberia .
shut up . you're a degenerate  lying anti-white racist . the video is available for everyone
simply put  jews brought violent degenerates and islamic jihadists into europe . i stand for white countries and people
spencer  a racist jew : bring public attention to rabbis who suck blood off penises of baby boys  infected thousands w / herpes .
the capitalist and islamic fanatic are true devil they should thrashed by massive nationalist fist
then do something about it you fat white libtards .
this is really directed at white german women . there the ones stupid enough to copulate w / savages .
via : uk video : youre a jew  not a muslimjew  jew  jew run ! #tcot
white minority no biggie says smart jew : #withjewswelose
why are you asking for / enabling more muslims to invade white countries and kill white people ?
with over 60 % of the white vote going to moore id say the racist homophobic redneck hillbilly demogr
within 6 years of life in the us  i became a staunch nationalist  so i'm ready to fight for racial superiority of the white race .
yall stupid white people gave it to us
you can get your white devil @ $ $ out of islam . you train hoppin weirdo . ur a typical whiteman . typical entitled white privilege
you lying pos racist / / /
  " nice whites " " get a kick in the face again . "
 because they know retards will hear  " islam " " & will want to kill all muslims . duh ! "
 rt #cuckservatives think being  " racist " " is worse than white people being raped  assaulted and exterminated "
 white trash joins racist savage party betrays his own race --->  " ; "
 you got your words mixed up  there : jews & white trash [ <---  " trash " " goes here ] . "
: isis your days are numbered ! the us army is going to kill every single one of you khawarij qutbi radical ji
: race-mixing new york mayor grants benefits card to 500000 illegal non-white invaders
: robert spencer made muslims kill jews . amazing .
: via : boko haram leader : kill  kill  kill  kill  kill christians ! #tcot
at least we will know where to send all the illegals  let them drain your economy ! !
blacks murder and rape whites around the clock  & hold whites as a whole accountable for slavery . but all blacks are innocent . ok
by diversify you mean a plague  reminiscent of the nothing from the never ending story . nieberhoods one by one turning to ghetto slums full of black hoodlums and white homosexuals that teach white guilt and anti cis feminism .. filth
cuckservatives like conor friedersdorf  jonah goldberg  and kevin williamson hate the donald
every time a jew shoots a palestinian  white zionism gets a little stronger .
exercise your 2a with your 1a and watch those antifa faggots run .
good blm is a racist hate group and should not be getting any press . let them die in the media
good they are playing the kid card in this dangerous game . these are cold killers . vile sand-niggers .
great grandparents came here legally . more than i can say for the illegal / daca immigrants . deport them all ! ! !
how i hate the cucks !
i'm concerned about white cops being targeted by racist black thugs not with what color annie is or if a black man can play james bond !
jewish supremacists demand more cash for racist ' israel ' . : well  this is not exactly related to our topic here ...
jews must not be a part of our ruling class . we shouldn't allow them into any white society .
jw is a truth organization not a hate orginzation . islam is all about hate . #arabnotmuslim
no such thing as british muslim its just plain old murdering muslim thanks .
not all immigrants look like this ignorant white trash .
oh yea  i forgot ... america was rounding up all the black and brown people and gassing them .
russian antifa is the biggest pile of faggots in a whole world . sad !
so you support gooks infiltrating and polluting the white gene pool ?
ston poet - racist crackers
take a stand  join the klan . we are the superior race . we shall dominate politically  economically and socially . #whitepride #white
terrible tattoo . white trashy .
the northwest front . no jews  no queers  no mudsharks  just right .
the punchable fat white liberal face
the white trash continues under . take them down #hoodsoff #opkkk
third world mongrels bring third world problems
this is a war between humanity and jews freedom and jews the white race and murderers
this is stupid . ignorant white trash want the wall .
utah is the most cucked state in america via #latterdaysnakes #cuckservatives #mormons #trump2016
very true  the only choice is too kill them before they kill you .
vnn forum - dead white people  just right
was about time ... let's make those fat white people lose some weight .
we should do something about the dangerous white people first .
what children ! ? white america's shrinking  we the brownies  yellows  blacks & mutts we'll be taking over . repent of your racist sins !
when blacks finally realize that the enemy is mexican instead of white .. america will win the border war .
white terrorists
why not ? #islamistheproblem #bansharia #banthehijab .. actually we don't care what cair thinks
yeah faggots
yes  time for people on the right to strap up and start shooting those kids  no doubt
you are a phony orange sellout vendepatria zionist cuck . your base hates you now .
you democrat trolls can call us deplorables coons  racists  and white supremacists but don't call us whiners and losers like you !
you got that backwards . blacks took over thriving white cities and destroyed them . you are delusional and racist .
  " migration " " .. more like a bowel movement of arab rapists to the western world  who will then claim op "
 rt : .  " kill any jew who falls into your power " " - muhammad in "
. hates white people .
cuckservatives : the rise and fall of randpaul
dual-citizen natalie portman questions centrality of fake jewish holocaust narrative
faggots
he saw a movie where white people were nice and darkies wanted to kill a midget and now he must make a stand
hud tearing down the projects and sending ghetto dwellers into suburbs with housing vouchers . see memphis and atlanta
islam it's death . why do we not kill them all before they kill us . stupid is as stupid
it the blacks that keep us down as a people i see it
jew at it again ~ never miss a chance to validate what people don't like about them meddling-jews
jews push for white genocide - not white women
lies . jews like really want white goyim to fight iranian goyim so they can kill us both off at the sa
make america white again by deporting & neutering all the non-whites white power forever #immigration
mohammed was a jew killer ! rt #stopislam #billwarnerphd #politicalislam #cspi #bansharia
moslem invaders will bring an end to #
no  because they are simply doing their jobs ; black thugs attaching white chicks & other helpless people is despicable - total savages
no auto citizenship ! extended visa for good ones ... deportation for the rest .
pale fire  or  the demise of ' white trash ' america via
parents  siblings & anchors ... strain on education  welfare  citizens ! we demand illegals deported & end of anchor baby program ! #nodreamact
people create their own poverty . end of story . #tcot #blackinamerica #lowblackiq
please subscribe and view my jew lies white genocide playlist non profit
this nieger thinks u white trash sucks !
u phukkine white moon phag it
we n3ed to get black out of barnet
white men against trump protester called out as filthy jew rat
you no doubt  are a baboon  in appearance and in iq .
 .  " kill any jew who falls into your power " " - muhammad in ibn ishaq's sira "
 christian hate minister walid shoebat says  " kill gays " " "
 coming soon america rt :  " by the quran  we will kill you all  faggots ! " " : muslims attack gay club in paris "
 that is why international jewry / banksters  " had " " to destroy ns before it spread to other nations . read : "
 the marxist / gay  " takedown " " of america #withjewswelose "
 we  " whites " " have been out numbered 100 to 1 by sh * tskins before and came out on top in the end . i think we've got this buddy "
 you know for having a  " high iq " " you sure aint very smart and lack logic and reading comprehension . white people dont exist because people are humans and white " " people " " aint human . you are neanderthal rhesus monkey hybrids "
& i talk about her channel  political correctness  sjws  jews and race #hitlerwasright
a result of years of oppression and exploitation of the white #workingclass - #whitegenocide #hitlerwasright
africans back to africa . this is a white country !
always be armed  in case you meet antifa faggots or lesbians or communists ! and aim to kill !
an advanced white man  but why is he tolerant of the jew menace ?
anti-white jew comedian louis ck jokes about child molestation on saturday night live #withjewswelose
at least they're finally getting the right people this time jew on jew violence i love it
at long last ! finally  we can start openly talking about the lying  subversive  scheming jews destroying america ! #maga
blm idiots created a new generation of white supremacists . are you proud ? you must learn from jesus that hate hurts your cause .
but  trump is continuing the trash dreamers amnesty
california : imam calls on muslims to kill and annihilate jews
cernovich is a race mixer . he's ruined his white genes . 1000 years of pure genetics down the drain !
cuckservatives : weve lost jonah goldberg : jonah goldberg takes his toys and goes home
ever see braveheart ? stop acting like a bunch of silly faggots and kick the invaders out of your country !
filthy jew tranny says europe cant criticize jew baby killing because white man colonized africa via
filthy jews are not white . and jews don't fight they get others too . you'll find yourself in holocaust mark 2
hi man heil hitler  dont you think is worse that inyour country now even the rrpublicans are jews
i believe the ideals of white civilization and collective white culture is absolutely superior . we need not apologize
i hate all those traitors who block the streets of india to protest against #israeli bombing of palestine . buggers  go 2 palestine n protest
i know yall are broke  but you can help make america white again by sending this blackie backie .
if people trace the history the jews are behind white genocide it's the same fight hitler had & he sho
jew supremacist hate group falsely claims that the celtic cross is a hate symbol | full story :
jewess comedian joan rivers says barack obama is gay and michelle obama a tranny | more :
maggie dehart is a racist . i worked full time while i put myself through 7 years of post secondary  with no help . everything i own and have done in life i earned . if white privilege is a thing i have seriously been jewed .
maybe we should do an anti anonymous march on #nov5th along side those faggots . #opkkk
obama is letting isis grow bc he wants refugees all over the white world to do away with white race . wake up libs .
oh they love their negroid gods ! they use them to promote black / white race mixing ! might wake a few more whites up !
palestinian textbook : how to stab a jew
problems at state dept .. ' muslims want to kill u but let's celebrate their cult .. and don't apply if you're white ' #dc
so now you're really going after the drunken white trash demographic  eh ?
some whites are very smart but most are stupid poor white trash like you .
taking jobs off of america's wetbacks
that's vile hate speech and then people are surprised when muslim men rape white girls  abuse and prostitute them . islam is a cult of evil .
the genetic basis of intelligence is unrivaled by science and proves that low black iq is hereditary #thingsthatpanicprogressives
the white will soon be erased from this world !
there are more black abortions alone than white abortions . abortion generally affects the most dysgenic groups .
trump needs his hud examined : not a fan of faggots .
us white people aren't supposed to reproduce with each other . #whitegenocide
via : jordanian mp : i hate the jews . i hate the jews . i hate the jews . #tcot
we brought black people to america but white people were the crackers .
whether it is jews like shapiro  english faggots like cooke  or creatures of #truconservatism like ted cruz  they have no ethnic appeal
who would ever support you ? white male scum
why  because a supremacist jew told you so ?
wow  no wonder you write for that anti-white commie jew-loving outlet  huffpost ... you're absolutely despicable .
wow .. look at you ... white trash.hope i see you on the street .
 - seems lgbt activists only want a  " queer-ocracy ; a totalitarian state where all submit to them or be punished . sad ! "
 i support slavery so much i think it should be brought back .  " people " " worked and were well behaved back then . "
 jews are only  " white " " when theyre shilling for something . "
 rt german ( and other white )  " leaders " " are not committed to their own people - they only serve jews and the jewish state "
#mollymacauley was stabbed to death by feral racist blacks who've been told white ppl are evil by democrats
. exterminatory jew hatred  it's in the quran
100 % white 100 % racist 100 % national socialist #napow #nationalsocialismnow #lovens #wp
a better question : since you say muslims hate jews  why are jews behind every movement to flood muslims into white nations ? ?
angry at this . white boy shoots up an all black church in the south ; hate crime.black man shoots up an all white church in the south ;
as in you are leaving ? you're too white looking to be native . bye ugly and your fatty ! #smallhands
barack obama is a racist black man who hates white people.and he is a communist muslim who hates america.and it trickled down for 8 yrs .
black face uncle tom this your thanks to the slaves who died for you you always be igger smiling in white mans face
black students at harvard openly calls for extermination of the white race ( video ) | read more : via
christopher bollyn embarrasses angry jew during q & a
democracy gives your enemies a seat at the table . with tribal politics inflicted on whites by jews we need new way .
europe must follow national socialism to save itself from barbarians .
folks i am telling you : they hate us . they want us dead . wake up white man .
he gives priority to syrian rapugees rather the unemployed  he favors race wars black vs white
hey   the folks at #ows are your worst nightmares : multiculturalist  secular  far-left  gender-queer  egalitarian .
hippos : keeping gas stations nigger-free since 1921 | more : via
holohoax from jew york ( 1943 ): nazis kill jews with homicidal gas cameras ! | read more :
i'm sorry you lost your good workers  let the white crackers do some work to see how bad they are
if there was a group that was called white lives matter and it was a group that had the same wants as black lives matter as a white person i would be ashamed  i would feel racist just because i was white .. blm is just people who pretend that everyone else is racist but them ..
isn't it amazing for 8 years under a racist black potus & 2 racist black ag's no problem with white gro
jesus was a jew  you fucktards ! you're going to endure the great white throne judgment and not stand condemned  you whoremongers ?
jew is someone who punches you and cries out in pain . dirty vermin .
jewish #bolshevik rape - it's not just the muslims who rape #german and european women by the thousands
jews destroy women : a response to women destroy nations | traditionalist youth network
lil american white girl could kill five negros from a mile a way
news flash ! that memorial honors non-white people too you retards . if you're gonna be racist  at least be consistent
one jew is too many #withjewswelose
radical extremist #jew writer for promotes #genocide against white americans . quite typical .
rt robert spencer rat-faced racist hate monger liar and jew lover ! > > hey robert  i like the beard . godbless
squaaaaaaaaad : kkk alive and well white brother hood unite ku klux klan
still believing in the 6 - million-murdered #jewish #holocaust myth is sort of like believing in santa when you're 40 :
the cultural jewel of the south has become a cesspit for trannies and third-worlders .
there's you in the crowd cuck boy
too white  not right : non-white hysteria over white as snow miss france via via
truth is hate to those who hate truth & dhimminitude knows no bounds . #islamistheproblem #banislam
unfortunately  some costumed creep  playing toy soldier  is going to kill a fat  dumpy  antifa ostensib
we must stop #planetisrael . the nonwhite hordes helping the #jew do not know they are to die as well only #jews will allowed on earth
we need to kill more people .
we should cleanse la of all non white inhabitants !
we should work towards freeing ourselves from begging jews and self hating whites for a platform  venue etc .
were racist for standing up for white pride.but darkies can have all the hate grps they want wtf
white people crazy
white trash and heroin  perfect together
white whores and black pimps isn't news .
yes kill all christians
you didn't catch the meaning of what i'm saying . 1 ) white is a color . jews can hide under the white cloak & do damage cause they look white .
you jews & cucks have been leeches on america's right wing instincts for 60 years  and built only a house of cards .
 * they're not  " their " " . proud boys are just a group of faggots that couldn't pass vetting for . splc is admittedly anti-white . "
 250000  000 white people who are race-mixing  adopting asian kids  raising  " fur-babies  " " promoting homosexuality  having one kid "
 da bears : white hero mike ditka attacks nfl negroids  calls out  " oppression " " hoax via "
 no one in america thought irish were white when they came here on the coattails of the jews and dagos ; def nt  " aryan " " "
 they should be straighr to the point and say  " white people  we want you to die out & replace you with low-iq slave workers " " "
admit jews aren't white and they're the ones behind white genocide
but he is not a jew . he is a christian . typical jew hating muslim
can we trade a few busloads of the white southern cucks to get her on team white ?
hurrrr hurrrrr white trash power .
i think they finally got it ~ american-jews are bad for white people
if muslims would stop doing evil in name of islam and jihad  no one would respond with evil to them .
it was just him surrounded by cucks and bannon  flynn and sessions . flynn is gone . sessions is now the target
its okay  she was another fat  childless  depressed anti-white slug . the world is a better pla
kill her shes black
kill non believers - koran !
kill youself racist faggots
lololol heather heyer looks like total white trash !
look at this cuck far right watch you can watch as we step on you cuck antifa commie faggots .
muslims are - racist  murderers  rapist  stupid  delusional  pedophiles  evil !
oh look  another jew pretending to be white ... lol .
somalians are terrifying ... i've travelled alot of places  met alot of people  and all somalians are violent and quite frankly insane .
stop evil jew white genocideu 2 - grace :
the next thing you'll do is claim i am racist because the mexican race is so despicable .
the truth is that blacks are a criminal plague from detroit to atlanta to chicago to london to toronto
traitorous cucks
u lucky  u don't live in pakistan  muslims will kill u 4 just being a jew .
why would any white person want to be around a fat black guy ? the smell alone  would be overbearing .
yes it's simple protect the jew and kill everyone else .
yet black people continue to fail at every level of the education system . no solution for low iq !
you are insulated in the south . we all hate the south and laugh at you . your pride is pride of being a loser .
you can't be both . jews are the # 1 enemy of the white race  period .
you suck stupid white bread
you think you're smart you filthy jew ? only the evolved developed ones became white blacks = inferior
 there are indeed some  " differences " " : steve bannon called jared kushner a cuck and globa "
 what should say :  " to violent  radical anti-white fanatics who are corrupted by jewish propaganda  know this : your days are numbered . " " "
 yes   " exterminate the jews " " like this white kid in kansas "
#bansharialaw #banthequran #wakeup #banislam #bancair #enoughisenough #muslimsaretheproblem #islamistheproblem
#whitepower #hangniggers #niggers #porchmonkeys #antiquefarmequipment #fuckniggers
1 ) cuckservatism  inc . is a dying movement . all energy is w / alt-right & nationalism
after #cuckservative another powerful meme : #rapefugees
and that's why white brainless idiots like you support trump :)
because jews are white too . they are caucasoid devils . but you hate them because they have a different religion .
but wait  i thought non-white people were not welcome because they are genetic
centers around predatory control of queers & hires molesters like . why would they hate trump ?
cuckservative wants white heroes removed from $ $ $ & replaced by ugly dindus . he also wants armed blacks to shoot whites .
ding ding ding . we have a winner  hunter here  and a cuck of the day award to brandon .
dont be jealous of them ... it is clear you are poor white trash people who just hate the fact that jews are smarter and richer than u
fareed zakaria for #jihad #rape of white women
i hate black and muslim race . i belong to aryan race  how may i help your movement ? please give me tasks
i hate hur white aids bitchs head
i hope you all die in a fire that you inbred morons built
illegal is illegal send the illegals home .
islam is a terrorist group .
it could be some jews telling them to . jew trying to get muslims to bomb goys !
muslims always plagiarise  copy and twist other people's work just like mohammad who copied then twisted the ot .
my conscience is clear . i am not a flak for genocidal jew-hating jihadis like you - you know what a guilty conscience is .
need to deport 4000 people a day to remove all 11 million illegal aliens in 8 years  this isn't cutting it . every single one is illegal !
people like you are actually white trash
proof  faggots .
stop anti-white racism you crackers
tactical triggering : white genocide  jewmerica  and trumps retweet via
the honesty and dignity of lindsey graham #cuckservative
the northwest front : the no-queers  no-jews  no-mudsharks alternative .
the problem is also those stupid fellow white and blonde women who willingly get involved with those savages ... no sympathy for them !
the truth is soros bused white trash carpetbaggers infiltration
then blm will be black with a sprinkling of jews and retarded white people  mostly queers and transgender freaks !
they're blaming drugs . drugs are everwhere but its blacks that use them and kill white girls .
this has started already.on news gang of ni88ers attack 1 white . cops investigate the white man .
what's your favorite vintage of cuck tears ?
white genocide is actually cool and good
you lowlife white trash mofos attack the black church because you know they're docile . can't drag y'all near a black muslim mosque !
  " white live metter " " how about learn how to spell and propper grammar .. trailer trash ... "
  " white live metter ' " " confedrate stataes of amrican " " how about learn how to spell and propper grammar ... trailer trash .. "
 got to side with roosh on  " promotion of masculinity " " which is anathema to preening  effeminate cuckservatives "
#antifa faggots closing east oregon parades . de-mask . the remaining are fair game .
. no religion threatens its followers against leaving with death . #islam is a cult .
18 percent of national review readers are below the age of 54 . maybe these cucks should do some outreach of their own ?
7 things miriam adelson does besides back gop candidates #withjewswelose
:  islam is a cult of hate  pedafillia  mutilation & death to the jew & infidel !
: kkk alive and well white brother hood unite ku klux klan white power
: muslims are into genital mutilation so why not castrate muslims who sexually abuse and rape .
and bring the white hoods and rope !
are you saying that you are surprised by this trump administration carrying the jew water ? that his cabinet will defy israel ?
bernie was a freedom rider who racially cleansed white cities north & south . jews hate white catholics too . #dncinphl #negroinphl #orcinphl
bought  and paid for by islam . this stupid  evil woman !
breivik says zionism / anti-islam was a ruse to prolong the debate & attack #cuckservatives #vdare
dear white people  jews are flooding your nations with savages from the middle east & openly admit it .
donald trump  and the fall of america's institutions #cuckservative
i mean yeah  white people are the worst .
i'm sure the boychick antifa faggots aren't afraid tho
if you're not white you're wrong
islam is a garbage religion and a violent political system . outlaw islam .
italians aren't romans . whites are just pale neanderthal half-breeds
jews proudly praise obamas unconstitutional gun grab #withjewswelose
may i join u i am white myself hail hitler white power
of course you kill palestinian kids
oh wow . look at this white trash .
poor blacks n america are the most spoiled & pampered group of people n
roosh isn't even white enough to be in a white power movement and anglin is a mongrel .
sheesh . is there not one sane female ' news ' person on ? they're all stupid  racist bimbos . profiling white men ? good luck with that !
shocker trumps running white interests so jews rally agianst him . careful jews you can't win a race war yet .
talmud : last straw for great flood was marriage contracts for homosexuals . that's true jewish attitude .
the truth is is that white european men and women built america . not unwanted  unwelcome mexicans or smelly  greasy muslims .
this domino dude comes across as a piece of white trash .
this human ( not sure actually ) is vile racist pond scum
we just had to bring these black trash racists into america.the whites that were lazy & thought that wa
white aryan race  must be above all  heil hitler ! ! !
white trash = white person procreating with a non-white
white trash collected in a human garbage can .
why are nations leaving the jew eu ? white countries want out . we don't want your violent islams in our lands
women and jews did this . the white nations need white sharia and ns today  tomorrow may be too late .
you should all do the world a favor and kill yourselves . i'm a white  conservative midwesterner  by the way .
wearing blue jeans is for degenerates.
idiotic savages.
elder, are you allowed to say crazy black man?
if you can convince the lowest white man he's better than the best colored man, he won't notice you're picking his pocket"" - potus lbj
every religion is better than #islam, and so are atheists. 3 reasons via
obama dummies she is 2 stupid
the illegal immigrant is not immigrant, they are invaders intruders
yeah..and sand niggers infesting western europe to the point of ruin!
your right ! any are better than islam !
she must be the daughter of one of the wetbacks reagan gave amnesty too
they are murderers, thieves and rapists. there is nothing devout or pure about them. they are degenerate satanists.
you sad, little ""man."" fuck your patriarchal second century goatherd myths.
your girl is fat af. who will listen to a man who loves on an inferior being? #nofatties
the french are dedicated to foolishness, not knowledge:
in pakistan they eat donkey meat also, totally barbaric and medieval sons of kjilji homo
you were absolutely sick and disgusting black man
islam =monstruous machine destroiyng human minds trough congenital child abuse. antihuman,supremacist
how can i report you for being a reject inbred piece of shit?
dwath will never come soon enough for a filthy piece of fucking trash like you
niggers are wats wrong with the world keep them out of earth they are alien
brain damage!! blacks never created anything but human shit
worthless invading savages attack police after seeing macedonians building border
illegals kids are criminals not immagrants not refugees stupid morons they are illegals illegals deportation now
thank merkel for allowing 3rd world muslim savages to come to germany
impossible. they are drooling subhuman savages. one simply cannot rehabilitate that.
black lives are worthless. even atheists know pastors are more important than the average black.
idiots. chickens.
where was the nfl at when that subhuman piece of trash rae carruth had his girlfriend murdered because he didn't want to pay child support?
i made sure to report you to the about vermin like you having a twitter account; horse cocksuckers!
islamofascists, savage sub-animal heathens, eradicate
true. it's the rare white person who can be as clever as i am.
yes, they've proven themselves to be savages.
you are just a piece of dog crap yourself dindu nuffin cave beast
you globalist scumbag. one of soro's puppets #lowlife
the value of a human is a consumer/production unit in the scheme of rich globalists, then immigrants have none
. it's no news that islam breeds mentally unstable individuals with neurotic minds. perversion is only one of the symptoms!
they are ugly, defective people. nobody likes that.
warning unprecedented wave of 3rd world illegals inboundtake action w/ #alipac #tcot #pjnet
just garbage! gang of 8 swamp managers!
yeah, real high iqs here.
stov, you are a lesser caucasian. you must of russian decent!
how has that ""religion"" not killed itself out yet? barbarians.
pelosi is not a human being not sure what she is, but human she is not. look at swamp creatures category, ask mulder.
bovine fecal matter, daca are illegal leeches upon american. they need to be deported and sent back to their country to make it a great place again. that's what well educated and upstanding young people should do, unless they are leeching welfare demanding scum
there's nothing wrong with decapitating these fags and freaks
zimmerman is brown eyed. like you. ( ) a race of blue-eyed devils we live amongst. vermin of the planet
you cannot comprehend how stupid humans can be believing demented islam,all religions are garbage but islam takes the biscuit
are all you hicks from alabama that dumb, or is it really an act?
democrats want to keep these 3rd world losers in hopes of them voting democrat and bringing in millions more via chain migration.
you are a sick, poor excuse for a human being. the sludge on the bottom of a garbage can. shameful.
. i'm curious, how is it going through life as a complete retard
that brave blond blue-eyed man held off those hillbilly half-breed homosexuals hordes well. they fancied him.
you're human garbage.
its not they just don't want whites coming together as one.bc their scared n knw we are the master race
if race was real (which its not), id rather have ur kinda stupid genes eliminated from our gene pool!
saudi arabia is a disgusting, inhuman regime. truly evil. lower than vermin. still, business is business. kerching!
women are attracted to confidence. most black men are too stupid to know why they have no reason to be confident.
they are also mentally lazy to find out or even analyse their beliefs and spiritually warped. conclusion - idiots.
wait you mean like general sherman? yes, now there is a worthless piece of shit yankee vermin trash terrorist.
chain migration brings 3rd world losers unskilled uneducated non english speaking morons
so much work ahead to fix western civilisation. sadly, some (not all) of those hogs of satan, do deserve to be beheaded #humanwaste
it's a scientific fact that the white race is superior. #opkkk
what kind of queer is named kit?
good ! hopefully if america makes them feel unsafe , the dirty filthy muslims can go back to their sand lands !
different ethnic tribes have different abilities. non-whites xcept asians suck at math
no wonder you're the mongrelised subhuman offspring of the genocidal lebanese christians (who lost btw)
those people are nothing but inbreed retards with no education.
imagine your children/grandchildren in a sweltering stinking shit hole crawling with 3rd world subhumans one giant india/detroit
just watched stop genocide on youtube. fucking savages, animals. they didn't even have the wheel before we got there. they w
disgusting worthless subhuman scum we need to start hanging em & cutting open the bastards stomachs!
filthy stinking wogs whore, probably a kike, look at the rat like features, probably stinks of monkey cock!
animal savages will behave like savage animals!
if blacks have to catch up genetically via editing does that mean they admit they are inferior and that segregationists were right?
who cares if hes illegal. these people are savages. its no wonder mexico is a shithole country
im black and all white people have inferior everything to me
it's ok, it just comes with being genetically and culturally superior.
while hillary is at a book signing charging $2,700 ea. i wish she'd drop dead!
you inbred incestuous freaks. go to hell!!!!!!!! #dumbtweets #fail #racist
castrate these goat molesters
hey you fat embarrassment. veto the fucking spending bill. do your fucking job stop thinking you can outsmart the swamp.
i hate niggers and faggots!!!
why can't we just shoot mexicans at the border already
clan come here to stay fucking niggers!
ain't surprised,ain't not a one of 'em worth a damn
when y'all niggas gonna let me join? i hate niggas too
until u knock t shit out of t moslems and let them know u are most willing fight 4 urselves, u lose!
shut the fuck up you useless scandinavian. you're as worthless as a mick
fuck israel. dirty rats. no one likes them its why they all get expelled all the time. european probl
absolutely correct niggers are stupid fn baboons!!!
lol,,, welcome to world, this is what she lobbies for, and this is how it begins good job! good job ann you f'n tranny
<<===eat a dick you faggot piece of shit
some body shoot that dumb bitch and put her out of misery
don't forget ""little black sambo"" who was actually indian, and ""uncle remus.
the niggers don't count
i want to join the anp im sick of all the fucking niggers and jews and mongs icant turn on the tv without a fucking nigger being onit
like liberal just say it liberal for whites means nigger lover and for blacks mean nigger im done here!
hear it. but when i talked about niggers they stomped the floor ! same when trump talks wall instead of taxes.
you're such a stupid nigger that you don't even know what pseudo means.
yes we can nigger applies to all colirs including the #kkk got that white niggers
blame others, blame everyone never take responsibility.nigger is always innocent.
if you killed all the niggers in your school you'd have the master race"" -
they're computer geeks who couldn't get white girlfriends in college so they're nigger lovers now .
urban environment is your code for filled with niggers right?
nothing to see here, goyess
not know crap about family values. yhvh will throw these bunch of pharisees in hell.#frcdcistonedeaftojesus
take your worthless black asses back to africa. fuck you.
jail time 10 years no parole at all f---n mexicans
i would have no problem putting a bullet into these women's heads.
more nigger punks like trayvon need killing. i'd love to kill me a nigger. if riots happen, i'll kill several niggers!
shoot couple of this sand niggers, they will learn quick!
if you can't stop the trannies, you aren't gonna stop muhammad, m8.
gotta get rid of the niggers
but, but.what do you think their motive was? shoot. them. dead. in. the. street.
after celebrations are over on 20th jan; pl start bombing #china, all muslims and whosoever talked against you
it would be interesting project to join party, then shoot you with small pistol one by one. fun.
we should destroy the saudis. all muslims. israel isn't muslim, so i don't have a problem with them.
so, when u are invaded, what does one do?kick the shit out of invaders and take no prisoners
hang him burn him shoot him then deport him.
hang him too
deport the invading islamic barbarians!!!
no more #daca! no #amnesty! let the #illegalalien #dreamers dream in their home countries! my dream is that all #foreign #nationals will be sent home (aka: #deported)! stop oppressing the #american #taxpayer!
my blood is boiling! damned drunken illegals! leave, take your children and get out now!
how many terrorists would you be okay 100,10, 0? a sure vetting system would be to ban muslims for a time
the muslim grooming gangs are almost entirely a pakistani issue. deport pakistanis, en
attack back, but with heavy weapons!
- take them out back and shoot them, screw that jail time.
Except, perhaps, to #SmugLiberal awards ceremonies...or maybe out back to shoot 'em. #SmugHollywoodTypes #Hollywood #JimmyKimmel #Trump #Hannity #Homophobic #Twitter #Twatter #OutBackToShootEm
The fact is that these will never stop happening until autistics and mental retards are sterilized and removed from the population and institutionalized. This kid snapped because he lost a game. Only autistics behave this way. http://www.foxnews.com/us/2018/08/26/mass-shooting...
Illegal aliens are an imminent threat to this country. They must be rounded up, interned, and deported NOW. All illegal crossings at the border must be stopped with GUNFIRE. #InternAndDeport
It's time to purge the entire landmass of the United States of the plague that is the Jewish pedophile population https://twitter.com/michaelianblack/status/1020869... They hate our right to bear arms more than SEX WITH CHILDREN I wouldn't mind seeing these vermin Hunger Gamed. Put them in a pit, tell them to hunt each other down
I unironically believe an ugly, ungrateful barren cunt like Sarah Jeong should be harassed and bullied until she cracks under pressure. She has preemptively blocked half of the Internet to protect her ego already. Keep it coming.
Anyone shouting Allahu Akbar should immediately be shot. There is no place in civilization for the barbaric Satanism known as Islam
People like this need put down, euthanized. Not just thrown into prison for us to pay for their food and care for decades. https://www.breitbart.com/texas/2018/07/13/texas-m... #MAGA #Trump ##GabFam
#SellOutSessions #JusticeDenied #Trump Let's get colonial on these traitors... give them due process and hang them. http://madworldnews.com/jeff-sessions-owe-fbi-agen...
Bring the pain down upon her mom. #Trump #MAGA #KAG2020 #2A #USA #Mueller #AntiFa Address: 1315 Peach Orchard RdSalisbury, North Carolina 28146 tel (704) 630-4700Websitehttp://dillards.com https://bigleaguepolitics.com/meet-the-charlotte-a...
Bring the pain down upon her mom. #Trump #MAGA #KAG2020 #2A #USA #Mueller #AntiFa Address: 1315 Peach Orchard RdSalisbury, North Carolina 28146 tel (704) 630-4700Websitehttp://dillards.com https://bigleaguepolitics.com/meet-the-charlotte-a...
Liberal White women are garbage people - I hope they all meet Mollie Tibbetts' fate. Here's another one for the trash heap:http://archive.fo/8htSI
Aw, ya had ta mention it...#HangTheBitches
Irl I would smack the shit out of your skank face and you would beg for forgiveness
Who wants to kill little blasphemous sand babies ?https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EDAY56MdPEI
I'd bet a bag full of the finest jew hair that my level of hatred for kikes surpasses the entirety of the 220 million dog eating chinks in Chinkland. Not only are The Yellow Jew patterning their own culture after the bugman mentality, they are actively spewing bioindustrial waste all over their land in the name of "progress." Chinks are kike knockoffs. Gas 'em.
Some faggot-loving newspaper wants folks to stay queer if they're either born or "are" that way https://www.yahoo.com/news/more-20-000-lgbt-teenagers-175450952.html Anyone who opposes trying to convert a fag into a hetero is a traitor not just to #Whites, but to the entire human race, and should be condemned & punished. In my #WN state, they would be-
Yooooooo I'd kill that nigger
#TarAndFeather THESE #DeepState motherf**king Government drones and squares, THEN THROW THEM IN GITMO FOR ATTEMPTING TO SUBVERT OUR DEMOCRACY.
Send that little cunt to the guillotine, then mount his head on a spike and have it decorate the outside of the whitehouse.
Throw every one of the traitor son of a bitches off the bench and hang them RFN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Nice false equivalency you cretinous niggerstain.
Soros needs to die like a diseased dog in the middle of Main Street/
Take a bullet like a fucking man you faggot -me to that gay faggot Nigger kike David Hogg. I'm not a fag but I'd fuck him if he came into my cell on death row in Texas.
Yes ma'am, and we'll warm up @TheRealDonaldTrump45 before we shove him in an oven.
That is simply a reason to exterminate all Moslims wherever you find them
David Hogg needs his ass kicked.....right after his parents get theirs kicked for raising such a wretched human being.
First of all, you're a fucking wetback. Secondly, you're pro-kike, therefore anti-White. Firing squad for you, traitor.
What's to analyze? Invasion coming, put troops on border, shoot those stupid enough to cross. Tell Mexico to shove it up their ass.
THEN WHY HAVEN'T THEY BEEN HUNG FOR TREASON!
The US and UK are jealous of Russia selling a shit load of out of date weapons to Syria and need some plan to dump the weapon stockpiles. So, bomb the shit out of Syria.
I don't need someone to explain to me how the Dems are outright traitors. What I need explained to me is how do we get these fuckers hanged.
Tell him to bring his goat and camel fucking faggot ass to America and burn a flag in front of me ... I will beat him into a trauma center bare handed that faggot pussy bitch dont have the balls to come here and do it
Theresa May is a traitor and needs to be shot like a traitor
Those filthy traitors must hang!!!
Nuke 'em 'till they glow and use them for runway lights.
I hope Iran nukes Israel off the map
I don't mind the occasional gas the kikes thrown in as long as it's satirical and makes me laugh a bit at their discomfort. 
Kill them all. Let Allah sort them out.
I would think your Sweden cops should be able to use their snipers and shoot those with flaming bombs in their hands. Till you crush the muslims they will never stop. muslims only understand force.
If only we could simply rise up and kill every nigger and jew in America just like niggers did to whites in Haiti, but our police state is locked down pretty tight.
Another shit talking Nigger that needs a bullet in his head. 
Find the guilty bastards, hang them from their balls and spin them!!!
Should have dropped a bomb on Winston Churchill
James Brown body double sewer mouth 'impeach45' mad #Maxine Water ...and her mad supporters needs to be waterboarded then straightjacketed from politics! https://youtu.be/KpXI9zmnyb4
Every now and then, as sure as clockwork, a miserable little Internet #TROLL (such as you) comes along in order to upset the apple cart to the consternation of all #DECENT* people here online!!!!!!!! GO AWAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! And get FUCKED by a horse's cock if *that* is your ultimate desire!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i want to see swedes raped to death collectively
But there's a difference between black people" and "niggers". You shouldn't deny that until you've been to the South and have seen the difference."
I wonder if the jigaboos dancing on the football fields have finally realized when they stopped being a distraction, they took money out of their own pockets.
Internment Camps are a good start for all illegals and muslims.....Round Ups immediately
Also, I can't imagine anything more counterproductive than getting into fights with shit-tier niggers and other diversity when those aren't the people who have socially engineered the destruction of your homeland.
Today we celebrate a Jewish funded black communist who frequented gay orgies and read speeches written by his Jewish handlers  This is the equivalent of people 50 years from now getting the day off to celebrate deray who is another Jewish funded black faggot
