  " : jewish harvard professor noel ignatiev wants to abolish the white race via #wr " " "
 rt : tune in today's jmt for my interview w / robert spencer on  " the complete infidel's guide to iran ! " " "
: : hate posters ? you want hate buddy ? read the koran . goo ...
: hunt for white women : black racist serial killer confesses to 41 murders
: looks like he was a fan of the islamic jew-hate reza aslan peddles as critique of i ...
and dems  esp . city govts  are the ones who want poor people to think they can't make it off the dem plantation .
antiwhites hate white solidarity . their hate for white european self preservation knows no
are forever white racemass murderers ! ! !
i have warned of sharia finance for years
i think white people are waking up in unprecedented numbers
i'm not a racist at all but i mean all the numbers are saying caucaisian people are set to disappear soon so i'm for keeping the race
its a planned growth of africans & a planned elimination of whites  #whitegenocide  #kalergi  #maga #tcot #trump #altright #sjw #buildawall
its ok to be white - the book
now it is full of jew and government infiltrators .
only racist if you're white  this just makes you smart .
prof kmac is right all along that jews have been manipulate white-euro people
they say they are anti-racist  but what they really are is anti-white ! via
true . swpl types weapjize blacks vs bad whites  and fetishize them w / mandingo or queen ( ie beyonc ) fantasies
whites don't contribute anything other than labor and kids .
  " : latest unhinged anti-white rant at #ferguson " " ugly black lesbian . #negrogeddon "
  " : new zealand : white faces will soon be a minority via " " "
  " optics frat " " - i . e .  " " i'm interested in being a spectacle for the anti-white media  not organizing white people into a cohesive pro-white movement . " " being a clown will get your media coverage . is your goal is to get on tv for a 2 minute hate ? "
  " we must have an all-white america ... in which our children and our grandchildren will play and go to school with other white children . " " - glr "
  " what our bros & sis experiencing in me : what is coming for us in west . must rise up and awaken . " " #bgun "
 african  " refugee " " was only here nine days before raping a woman | full story : "
 and of course   " anti-racist " " is a code word for " " anti-white " " . " " self-hating jews " " are nothing compared with self-hating white people . "
 i like jared taylor .  " he white " " "
 race cucks like paul ryan should be banished to live in a  " diverse " " neighbrhd if they want t spout such nonsense "
 right ? what good is  " white supremacy " " if it leads to a white minority . "
 rt  " : proud white women speak out against white genocide ( video ) via " " "
 rt  " i hate you all " " - racist note from the black boy who raped his white teacher & slit her throat via #wr "
 rt : how #jews feel about #whitepeople -  " the white race is the cancer of human history . " " - jewess susan sontag #hate #israel # r ... "
 rt : white racialists rally in edmonton  alberta and london  ontario as a commemoration of  " white pride worldwide day " " ... "
 rt another hate hoax : police nab notorious  " white supremacist " " who drew swastikas around a college "
 rt australia returns non-white invaders ; jewish  " human rights " " groups flip out | more : "
 rt black people can't be racist  " : ohio man pushes white jogger into traffic because he " " hates whites " " via "
 rt dawa = > barbaric  totalitarian political ideology intent on enslaving all human beings for  " allah " " imagine founding a club on these principles "
 rt rt #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016  " thank you for all of your support  south carolina ! " " ; "
 rt since when was jesus  " mixed race " " ? ... please stop trying to stick jesus and christianity into your criminal communist ideology . don't tell me you're like those bbc anti-white racists that depict julius caesar and achilles as black men in the name of " " diversity " " and inclusiveness "
 they smother the good white people of america ! they need to be hung  brother  " south " " ! "
 uk sport displays anti white racism when they cut funding for  " white sports " " prior to tokyo olympics ! "
 us should have leaders this brave rt :  " i don't want blacks in estonia ; this is a white country " " via "
 well  i do believe it's time for spencer to step aside . along with the retards that started the  " white sharia now " " chants . "
 when you google  " cuck knight " " ... "
 white people have threatened the safety of  " americans " " since the beginning  before this was even america "
#altrightmeans becoming great again .
#aryan men & women will either rise up to fight for their heritage  children  & future  or the white race will cease to exist . choose now .
#blacklivesmatter and again . black on white crime ! what a surprise ...
#defundnfl stop paying to make people who hate you  your nation  your people rich . #wakeupwhiteman
#iffootballdidntexist white men would fulfill their tribal instinct by standing up for their own kind  not worshipping negros who hate them .
#kansas takes a stand for human dignity  defunds #plannedparenthood #defundpp
#kkk  i do not mind your booklet . how can i support ? ? ?
#ukraine #ukrainian thanks brothers . white pride worldwide . #wpww #14words .
* threatened .. no jmac .. he black too but don't arrest him
. hey watch this . #leftism = enabling #islamists since times before #crusades . #historyrepeats
. op ed : islamic doctrine of shariah is anti-constitutional . your future potus should agree .
: and throw in weekly standard these filthy white trash disgust me
: csp poll ( 2015 ): 29 % of muslim-americans : violence against those who insult muhammad is acceptable
: elin krantz : just another dead white liberal female raped to death by non-white invader
: hollywood jew harvey weinstein busted for decades-long sexual abuse of white women via
: jewish harvard professor wants to abolish the white race ! read more : via
: kanye west releases his most anti-white rap song ever sucks hes the most racist man alive ..
: nice to know that tsunami didn't dampen their energy to stay in the 7th century .
: uk : students in islamic schools taught sharia amputation methods and that jews are conspiring to take over ...
: where is the media outrage ? white man was lynched and robbed by a racist black gang ! ( video ) via ...
: whores of babylon : lena dunham celebrates white genocide via #whitegenocide #waronwhites
a certain 1400 years old religious ideology has proven to be the biggest killing machine of innocent people in human history
a future for white children ! in the same fashon as hitler youth  who were given the great honor of dying for hitler ! seig heil ! amen !
a white man's response to frederick douglass on independence day - - #4thofjuly #july4th
all jews should be evicted from white countries
all white are not aryans ; why are they trying to board the bandwagon of aryans ?
angola used to be a prosperous portuguese colony . whites fled en masse in 1975
another white fourteen year old gang-raped by africans in norway via #wpww
anti white ? see i knew this was a scam . stop lying to yourself  snowflake . just because you criticizeracists and bigots  doesn't mean you're anti white . coward
anti-white tweets from hijab #rio2016 athlete . #deportallmuslims
are we actually fighting an asymmetrical war against white genocide or are we just playing tiddlywinks with enemies who mean to kill us ?
are you jewish ? if so you aren't white . either way you're anti-white .
basic human rightswhat for so how are u guys on jews and blacksben n i hate them
because of course #whitepeople need #billboard #marketing kkk #kkk
before i read it was white pride i was going to suggest white only sessions
belgium : non-white invader rapes white woman after dont rape course : via
both north america and europe belong to us . white men conquered and colonized both .
breaking : ohio dismemberment abortion ban clears ohio senate ! #prolife #theyfeelpain
britain sees race war brewing between non-white invaders | read more :
can whites have black artists shoved down their throats without losing their own culture and heritage ?
come together white people or perish
cucks ? they are democrat plants !
did you ever really believe he was pro-white ?
don't tell bernie ; hescandinavian socialism & will shudder islam invasion
don't think the white public won't turn against the blm unless the lying media tells them to . the white public rejects the media
don't worry  bill . it's not a pogrom . we're just replacing jews with white people .
dough boy fattass is a cuck  what a shock
elin krantz : just another #dead white liberal #female #raped to #death by #non-white #invader via
extinction of america's white population speeds up #swrm #whitegenocide #prowhite #speedsup via
final solution : the 1941 plan to exterminate germans #whitegenocide #munich #prayformunich
german #holocaust #revisionist patriot horst mahler arrested in hungary via
has the white race become too lazy ? our people have largely fallen to the disease of #materialism & comfort ... #news
hate group because your proud to be a white american christian ? insanity ! and very disappointing !
he is also a black racist . dont forget that .
he overdosed on black pills when the narrative was hijacked in charlottesville .
he should be fired for virtue signaling like a cuck before any evidence was out . how can a man like that lead soldiers
help us in california . they are killing americans jobs and taking over the state . some wont go out if they dont have to . a lot dont speak english . they have taken over everything . the politicians are not for americans . they are for illegals . cant move
heretics = infidels halal to kill
his white half is just as bad
horrible . 9 year old white boy commits suicide after being tormented for months by racist arabs via
i don't think his message of racial inclusion was aimed at minorities . i think it was aimed at cucky whites .
i have an ultra liberal next door who says there is no such thing as black racist only white people can be racist unbelievable
i heard twitter is cracking down on white supremacists . are they also cracking down on racist blacks calling for th
i live in texas  but despite being a gop wonderland  white people continue to murder and rape and steal . never trust whitey . violent race .
i lived there it was fine you are just a scared white dude
i stick up for white people  thats not what you're are racist and putting down other races .
i support the alt right aspersions for portion of us to be all white ethnostate  even
i support the white brotherhood
i take that back . one of his parents must be white . not purebred
i very much doubt you are white person of european descent . from
i was born white  i can't help it . i should just kill myself ... said no one ever .
if a muslim kill a jew they celebrate him as a hero . if a christian kill a jew we call
if it's white it's right
if the whites who condemn us get their way america will look like detroit and india ! does that sound good to you !
if you're not scandinavian or irish you're not white .
indian intellectuals bemoan everything . they are like rudali-s  professional mourners ; these intellectuals mourn all the time . 3 / n
infanticide is unacceptable in a civilized society . congress must pass the born-alive abortion survivors protection act .
infrastructure is the white mans game .
interracial marriage = white genocide
is white nationalism an #adl honey pot front ?
islam is racist
isn't that how it usually begins ? this hatred for infidels and belief in islamic supremacy etc .
israel prepares for #myjihad islam muslims bjp modi #ramzan tmc mps #femen #tcot iraq isis syria
it seems atheists are intent upon stealing away our freedom of religion ...
it would be everything fine if the cop was christian or jew . only they can kill in se
it would be nice .. i would like the idea of my white race surviving .. to thrive and kick a
it's axiomatic that all southern white men are lousy in bed .
it's fundamentally different . whites are better off without blacks and jews ; both parasites on white civilization
it's us white gentiles getting screwed ! :
its ok to love who you are . unless you're white
jewish activists welcome the scandals slowing the trump agenda
jews know deep down  they're not white
jews run banking  media  academia  and govt ; you're the dummies .
jews want each of those girls to reject white men and use their white wombs to hatch black babies with black men .
just search twitter with ' white people '  you'd be surprised on how many anti-white non-whites there are . #diversity
lahore was a beautiful city dominated by sikhs and hindus ... we lost it ...
lol you're jewish though . not white .
look at this  some angry black person . you were right they're all violent .
love you the bearer of aryan race ! ! see what is going on !
maga white cookouts would be nice .
make america white again : saturdays nationalist unity gathering | traditionalist youth network
maybe because somalis have a habit of being criminals people hate them ?
migrants change uk forever : white britons will be in minority by 2066 via
milo  trump  and white identity politics #tlot
most jews follow / embrace their leaders anti white hate  thus most jews are not really ' good people ' like ramz says .
mr moshe it's such a complex issue - again  i do fault the media for 99 % of all thus silliness because the more hate they stir up the more money they make . i would say that used to be the case  now it's the opposite . every white person is a racist and all blacks are victims
music against the ' holocaust ' hoax ? : music can probably be a good weapon to amass awareness against lies . ther ...
muslim gangs want 2 kill those who tell truth ? kill those who worship jesus christ ? kill those who d
muslims are always wanting to kill someone ! its their duty to kill the infidel .
muslims are commanded to kill all jews ! see verse :
muslims kill non-muslims because they kill non-muslims . period . vj is a hate america first-er . that's why obama hired him .
my white privilege ? see there's that again you know absolutely nothing about me or my family but i'm racist and get white privilege lol
nba's millonare anti-black racist jew tells girlfriend  ' in israel  blacks are treated like dogs ' | read more :
negroes have different reproductive strategy . they are more successful than whites  reproductively speaking .
never vote for somebody who doesn't say up front he is for the white race ! code words don't cut it !
no  thats what white people do
no no no no no no ! ! ! when whites get angry  it's this
not just the brits but eurocucks and the elitist white cucks here too .
nothing to see here . we all know black on black and black on white crime is
notice how the babies are all white . hey it's not white people who have an issue with population control .
now they are calling for an invasion . this is white genocide ! !
now why would british jews want an influx of syrian moslems ?
obama has zero concern for middle class white america he is more dangerous to america than any terrorist
or give a heartfelt eulogy to a racist like obama did at robert white sheets byrd's funeral .
our heroes will never be theirs . multiculturalism is a hoax . hail white america .
racist black thugs shoot white baby in the face for the fun of it via #flegs
registered dumbocrap ! cuz with isis  you already know they wanna kill you .
see  literally being white is racist #whitegenocide
sellout debases himself to beg for jewish money & votes
selma plot . let me guess . completely virtuous black folks & the generous yankees & jews fight against the evil southern white man . yay ...
she doesn't want to be white  she married a stinking jew .
so ? welcome to the real world . this is what today's immigrants want to do to whites
so what's the conspiracy ? jews lied about white people who
so you think science indicates that aborigines and pygmies are biologically equal in every way to japanese or chinese people ?
some racist libtards say that if #trump wins  they will move to #canada . that's pretty funny ! why move to a white country  and not #mexico ?
speaking out against obama ! #rt #stopislam #makedclisten #crusades #wakeupamerica
stop #whitegenocide protect white children .
stop hurting white people .
that's true . now we're thinking how to make deeper inroads in europe . we are going to kill kosher conservatism .
thats why i always said he was a muslim president
the 1790 naturalization act explicitly stated that america was only for white
the cuckservatives hate trump because trump is actually representing the interests of the white working class americans .
the last two months have shown the cucks have lost all their former influence #nrorevolt
the left succeeded in deceit of equating white identity with white supremacy . here's the why :
the sign says : we're better will less white people than with more white people .
the traitors are the ones who are not trying to stop the jews from turning american into a non-white country .
there is no black vs white issue in america there is muslims problem & they infiltrating black groups
there is no hate . what they want to root out is any form of white european identity . they have declared
there's tons of documented evidence that the white race is under attack.the straight white
these people are not and will never actually be german . if a hamster is born in a fish tank  that doesn't make him a fish . #thursdaythoughts
they do stand for one thing : zionism.jew nationalism - good ! white nationalism - bad ! why is that ?
they've been hating for 1400 + years it tells th to do so in the quran and hadiths if you care to read up
this is aryan  no orthodox christian ; white & black is none of our business ; only aryans are invited
this isn't about immigration  it's about brown color & stupid ignorant racist on the alt right . many of the racist have christian on profile
too bad your people are turning into soap in south africa .
trump supports jews . jews support whitegenocide . get the picture ?
trump's accurate analysis & description of globalists controlling american gov  media & banking has jews uneasy . globalist = jew or jew puppet
trumps milquetoast distancing from white supremacists via
understanding women and how the jew ruined her and white society . pls ck my latest thx !
unity among white people is what makes america great ! minorities and diversity make america weak and our society crumble !
uplift of the day #expeltheinvaders #europeforeuropeans
using the enemy's anti-white hate propaganda . #wpww
waah  such fragile little white snowflakes
we are subjected to anti-white hate : to blame for black fai
we cannot overcome man if man mixes with different races who do not even have the required iq ( low iq ) to even understand nietzsche's work
we must learn from the mistakes of our ancestors . hitler made a deal with them and look what they did to him .
we must secure the existence of our people and a future for white children .
well  that's all allah is teaching them  kill  kill  kill and then kill some more . such a violent religion .
well white people have killed a lot of people so maybe it's a good thing . or maybe we should just kill vile nazis like you .
what about the betsy ross flag  though ? back-to-basics white nationalism  13 white ethnostate
what is there to misunderstand about islamic ideology of kill  kill  kill and kill some more ?
what you call white supremacy is actually white competency
when you are so cucked you are triggered by a white hat .. white  what are you in the kkk or something ?
where were the protests in milwaukee when five blacks were killed just prior to the young man who the cops killed ?
white children are disproportionately the v
white countries are being colonized across the globe which will make white culture and societies impossible . war by demographics .
white extinction is victory tbh
white genocide in america 1960-2060 #swrm #whitegenocide #america via
white genocide is worldwide  not just in america . it is something we can rally around in every white nation .
white people need to be self reliant no need to stand by for the jew grocery store to feed them
white power | read more : via
white pride worldwide hooded sweatshirt via
white protester attacked in #ferguson negrogeddon
white revolution is the only solution
white self-hate : master stroke of the george lincoln rockwell #whitepeople #whitepride #wpww
white welcome aboard  glad to have you
white western race nations are going through a rat infestation & when the white westerners are gone the remaning races will still be just rats
whites are not bothering anybody . people like you feel empowered by the media to demonize them . white p
who said white can't ? i'm sorry but it's white choice first then everything after . we see that in film  movies and daily living
why #hindumassmurder ? bcoz hindus worship leaders like gandhiji.congress imports 40000 #rohingyas & 2cr bangladeshis 2 destroy hindus .
why do we let jews control our society  frame every issue & dictate our historical and political paradigms ? #questionsineedanswersto
will mike tell us how jewish wives are the last stand of implicit white identity ?
words like socialist etc don't matter but cheating and falsehood of jews are not tolerable worldwide ; this is not germany .
worse than a loaded gun ! ! since guns don't kill people . only planned parenthood and devout muslims kill people
yet the only arrest made was a liberal  bernie voting  moslem . not one white trump voting racist . makes you think
you are just a video peddler you are misusing ns & ah ; not even knowing aryan race ; you must be a jew
you can go to the websiter my white brotherwww.theklanofamerica.com
you can't answer why we don't outlaw interracial marriage to protect beliefs of some . i'm using your logic .
you hate white people because we're better looking and we're smarter .
you know it's #fakenews when an organization cites anti-white hate groups like adl and splc.can you say gullible ? bwaaaaahahahahahaha ! !
you sound like a racist . do you hate white people  support genocide of native whites ?
you'd think a jew would be more sensitive about people getting gassed .
you're a white man  frank . you're automatically a fascist to these people . perhap
you're distraught by the fact the video dispels myths / falsehoods of ' innocent ' black man assaulted by ' evil ' whites .
  " : blood & honour : the white aryan resistance t-shirt from the white resister : " " ; "
  " heritage not hate  guys ! the entire csa was black ! " " "
  " how the alt-right activist can avoid being doxed " " - fmi "
  " vote donald trump he's racist and he's # 1 with racist ! " " #stupidtrumpvoters "
  " white lives matter " " reads of boomer "
 #letspretend we are living in a  " colorblind " " and " " postracial " " society  not an anti-white one "
 always place the race card first .  " those racist muslims are ... " " or " " those racist supporters of islam ... " " "
 don't confuse honesty & realism with  " cuck panic " " ; many of ur allies have fought long "
 hate crime hoax in austria : muslims set fire to their own business and leave  " racist " " graffiti to mislead inve ... "
 hr defends anybody not white and attacks whites in the name of  " human rights . " " "
 it is equally prejudiced  albeit more empirically baseless  to assume that black people are harmless or  " just like us " " "
 it's a hollow simulacrum of  " white advocacy " " if jews are accepted as white "
 jews r an ancient tribe . they do not identify as  " white " " . they actually hate white people ! "
 killing spree ? ? like these  " fine people " " "
 more anti-white hate propaganda re : wwii - it's not just the germans  all whites guilty for fake  " holocaust " " "
 new  " white privilege tax " " for all white people supported by minorities in shocking racism experiment "
 rt  " sanctuary cities are asylums from criminal illegals " " - . at #cpac2017 "
 rt here we go   have fun with your anti-white  " dear white people " " show . "
 rt putting the  " white " " back in white house . love it ! "
 rt you can't claim  " domestic terrorism " " is not a ' muslim monopoly ' while also claiming this domestic radical muslim isn't a terrorist #fresno "
 the realist report :  " the tattoo business as we know it was largely created by jews " " #withjewswelose "
 they are  " cleansing " " the white man right out of existence ! "
 what is a  " racist " " ? what is a " " hate group " " ? these are euphemisms created to prevent white self-determination & promote invasion "
 when you say  " national socialism  " " do you mean to say you support a white america with socialist tools like public healthcare ? "
 who is  " we " " ? all those white people you hate ? "
 who is promoting  " white privilege " " ? #withjewswelose "
 who'da thunk it ? rt : here's a new one :  " obama is a jew " " via #tcot #tlot #wethepeople #becktips "
 you unironically said  " fellow white people " " "
 your honor  my tweet went out to the black and white ppl of america . those that consider us  " infidels " " will never be one with america . those ppl are muslims . history has taught us  time & again  that muslims do not integrate . muslims conquer and replace cultures . #muslimban "
#blacklivesmatter iand #antifa are the armed hands of the anti white  wealth redistribution & globalist elites
#macon ga : macon's mlk drive ebt marts are wrapped in anti-theft caging . and tacky  yellow anti-theft cages at that .
#whitepeople should donate to pro-white groups like   and
. best way to stop gun violence in america ? disarm all black people . #tcot #teaparty #sbpdl
2017 : white people not wanting to be demographically annihilated is white supremacist
3 vs . dozens to hundreds of offenses  complaints  and crimes from white police . yeah  totally proving you're not a racist .
: ... and white elitist liberals .
: and as poor as they are  the predominantly white areas are still safer .
: antifa rally 45 % bull dikes 27 % beta cucks 18 % homos 100 %
: are you ready to offer your white children to the black hangman ? via
: at least 60 white south africans were murder by racist blacks in the past two months #fuckmandela
: hate posters ? you want hate buddy ? read the koran . good point  charles
: islam is not a race ? obama white house wants to change that via
: kkklankkk white brotherhood unite
: only in the land of the ... cough ... free ! ! lol wake up white man ! white students suspended for wearing white to school ...
: the last bastion of the white race : 90 % of young finnish people oppose more non-white immigration
: white girl shot to death for fun by black racist murders ! read more : via
: white pride radio 8p m est tonight . join in . we will support your shows when you have them .
: yes the red guards of the bourgeois cultural revolution
> a uniquely american people & history . globalists hate the south because it is american . we're all southrons .
african immigrant threatening a frightened native italian woman
aggressive hiv strain causes aids faster - african expected to bring it to the usa and europe via
agree . i'm sick of these self-hating behavior and attitude from whites nowadays . it's more common in usa / western europe .
all successful white men are nazis unless they push an anti white agenda . might as well embrace the fash
americans = white people . this is our country  everybody else are guests .
another ( ( ( rabbi ) ) ) celebrates the destruction of the white race.it is time to wake up ! #whitegenocide
another california public school persecutes a white student . #tcot #whitepeople
anti white much ?
anti-racist equals anti-white billboard erected in arkansas ( video ) va
are you on a kill list ? islamic state has posted names of 15000 american citizens on kill lists . #scn
bachmann : will use loophole to pass immigration in the house via
because jews meddle too much  white christians gave 60 + million lives
black human rights campaigners managed it in the 50s and 60s.no good reason white human rights campaigners can't .
black on white crime unveiled : via
black people  no one is forcing you to stay in white america  you can go anytime .
black thug attacks old white man with urine because of slavery #swrm #blackthug #whiteman via
blacks cannot be racist . if she was racist she would go to jail . only white devils can be racist . may
but they call us ( patriots ) the racist ...
but you just race baited ... by basically saying ha he's a black shooter not a white shooter
committed voter fraud on a mass scale  financially threatened tulsi gabbard  leaked debate questions to hillary clinton  funded isis
confederate heritage is white american history .
considered to be us ! so get with the program and go all out white nationalist ! its the white thing to do !
cool so when black people kill each other you can't blame the white man !
cuckservatives : trump refuses to bow to political correctness on federaljudges
david duke is the white man's champion  however it's a losing battle . the white race is dying a face death .
degenerate black racist killed young white national socialist for swastika tattoo | read more : via
donald trump won't explain how muslim plan differs from nazis ' tracking of jews via #expeltheinvaders
every white area / country is the most modern  civilised & clean .. it's no wonder they want to flock like rats .. their countries will be empty one day while ours are over run with them .. its wrong ! people didn't fight & die to protect our countries to be over run today .
face it the white race is dying
fear of islam  far from being irrational  is mandatory because it has become more dangerous . daily wo
freeze religious proportion of voters at 1947 level  no voting right for having more than 2 children
french politician : france belongs to the white
frightened aren't you  it won't be long before whitey is walking thru the slums  hoping and preying for a white victory
gavin married non-white too . you can't get more anti-white  than not choosing a white partner .
golden dawn's leader interviewed about the holocaust myth ( video ) via
has started a campaign to claim tubman for the ( ( ( conservative ) / cuck movement . joins the pantheon with mlk .
he might be racist but he sure is hot af
hey robert  if the thesis of your book d . m . e is on to something  then this shakes islam at it's very foundations . am i right ?
i literally read a tweet from a lefty beggging for it to be a white male .
i reject the moral superiority of a coalition led by white men vs . the will of black  brown ... via
i support assad . i support white people having babies to increase the population . i hate the current trend of making white men look bad .
i will take white nationalism > jewish nationalism
i would make white babies with all of them thats what i am willing to do for the white race
i'll just leave the white here .
i'm being ridiculed so often for wanting a white nation . sick of the faux white people . idiots they are .
if stalin a georgian jew  & adolf a jewish diaspora agent  antisemitismantijewish in unbotched dictionaries  jews safer ?
illegal aliens storm the beach in san diego  second attempt thwarted via #border #immigration #noamnesty
in a nutshell  isn't that why the #altright calls it #cuckservatism ?
in order for jews to triumph  all it takes is for white men to do nothing .
in the past 100 years  white non muskims started world wars on a scale never seen in human history
indeed . if you'd allow them you'd think only white people can be
ironically  didn't you say that you wanted to be segregated from whites ? you can't have it both ways  junior .
is a racist hispanic supremacist that hates white people and jokes about illegal aliens crapping in our american food supply .
is currently leading the race for top #cuckservative on twitter
it honestly makes me sick to think about what the white liberals have done to the black family in america . they deserve to be forced out
it's ok to be white
its.time for the white people to ! ! ! #immigration
jew activist anetta kahane wants to destroy europe via non-white immigration ( video ) via
jewish fear and loathing of donald trump ( 5 ): would trumps defeat be blamed on jews ? via
just like democrats scream white supremacist and racist whenever they are losing a debate
just noticed that has very few if any black executive vice presidents . could be with better jobs more black fathers would want kids
keep up the great work . yo guys are literally the only white race advocates that physically do stuff .
killing of terrorist leader in kashmir seems to draw more sympathy from indias media than recent victims of isis in numerous countries !
legal rule of law immigration . adopt mexico's immigration law & no voting rights  period !
let me know when you're ready to saddle up and dig ditches  tend agriculture and empty trash or are your white hands too delicate :'(
liberal democrats hate white people and despise america ! where is the kgb when you need them ? #putin
look at white civilization and look at non-white
milo boasts about getting railed for 18 hours by his black boyfriend . he bathes in blood . that's terrible optics in the south
more people are shot in chicago in a week than at sandy hook . should black people have the civil right to own firearms ? #nra
more stupid nonsense by the racists of the vladimir putin alt-right white nationalist ku klux klan wing .
nah . us is a black and jewish nation . white people are just guests .
no  it's just for white people advocating for their interests .
no commies . just americans . free & protecting democracy . what happens to black people if the fascists win ?
no going back ... my white race
no one is taking your white identity movement away from you .
not to be racist but talk about black privilege ... if it were white people media would b
not white in the head - breitbart via
not white kids though
o transgender regs threaten freedom of physicianssex means gender identity .
oh how i wish a man with a machine gun was there ! wake up white people ! they hate us !
oprah knows what to do: kill white people ! ! ! #altrightrecent black on white and black on asian murders with oprah !
or white genocide
originator of the white genocide mantra will be hosting a discussion on white genocide . please rt .
our people here in america who have no jobs . must come first red yellow black blue purple white skinny tall short fat americans
polish media aren't occupied with endless tokenism ... yet .
pro-american pro-identitarian easily defensible easy to understand great optics .
right . im questioning if this was a legit event tho - it looks like a hoax perpetrated by the jewish owned mass media tbh
rt : black on white murders grow more sadistic in south africa ( video ) via
same as nazis #deathcult ideology  uncivilised  barbaric savages
satan's islam : all evils
so dan carlin is uninformed about the nordics coming to america first ? that's testament to the anti-white narrative
so is the white hating  jew hating cult  the nation of islam . what's your point ?
soon  white people will not be a majority anywhere . you believe
sorry but black people with funny names murder each other in birmingham  new orleans  and detroit .
strong message from poland : stop anti-white racism ! via
the #cuckservative meme : we need to make sure this remains about jews | daily stormer #withjewswelose
the 95 percent white gop invited a muslim activist who believes that white males are terrorists to their debate . #whitegenocide
the black community in america is resting on the pillars of state welfare and affirmative action produced white guilt .
the extermination of the white race : facts about britain and non-white invasion | read more :
the extermination of the white race : the real facts about britain and non-white immigration via
the harsh reality : advocating for whites  white interests  or america of founding fathers automatically makes you marginal .
the jew mayor of charlottesville trying to stop free speech . thats what jews do
the media hates jews ? is this guy for real ?
the racist muslim in the white house wants to ban white trucks now ?
the republican party is not pro white . people need to shed themselves of that delusion and build a white party !
the white entitlement of berniebros
the whole point of #laraza is to literally cuck white america . make whites pay to raise greasy mestizo kids .
then go back to mexico .
then you should understand why white people in america are resisting being colonized by the
there is no intelligent opposition to white ethnopatriotism .
theresa may writes exclusively for jewish news : ill be your communitys champion via
these poor black folks where overwhelmed by racist white and must not b charged
they are white and polish . all you are saying is america is less picky about which white people we get .
this is disgraceful makes me sick that it white on black crime that's mostly reported ! black on white happens more t repoted
this is great news ! i still want the wall built and mass immigration ended .
this richard spencer is a monster for not wanting white people to be exterminated .
this sounds like a kid caught in a lie . also do left-wing activists use the word cuck alot ?
though all white men & women r not jews all jews  white men & women  i'm white man & jew.ur not even a man or woman !
to race bating liberals you do know many white brothers and sisters helped out and died during the civil rights movement ?
typical jew . what do you expect from them ?
u can stick that hood where the sun don't shine you freaks call every white person against illegal immigration racist
u tell us . ur the one who's pro-rape of white wmn
via : minnesota : three muslims convicted of conspiring to join the islamic state #tcot
violence over cow slaughter in india happening for decades.indian journos who see only as post - 2014 phenom either ignorant or agenda driven .
vvolent genocide is what white people are facing ! its us or them as i see it .
wanna be white ? white supremacy supporter ? either way ...
we all need to stick together  for the white race
we found one jhant from australia was also abusing you . pl . fix suchillegitimate bastards .
we have to pay for private school because a third of the kids at the local public school don't speak english .
we'll get help from anyone we can - a mass white migration to russia & white liaison offices in all nations opposed to jews
what could people in disagreement with national socialism possibly be missing ? murderous thuggery = we got it . individ liberty is best .
what truth ? that you invaded a country full of white christians ? sod off ..
white men are shot by cops three times more often than black men are . the media however  does not sensationalize the event when whitey inv .
white nationalist are incapable of this when it comes to the issue of race b / c it's a matter of survival !
white people are 60 % of the pop  this can only show blacks do more crime per %
white people who hate #nazis have never considered what true #nationalsocialism could actually create for their benefit .
white race rapidly fading in europe since muslims keep pregnant over 10 wives until menu
white supremacists can't shoot up something they don't know exist
who is going to foot the bill when the white people are gone ?
whores of babylon : lena dunham celebrates white genocide via
why indeed ! they want to impose islam on all of us . rep is a racist .
will israel ever rename an airport / road on adolf eichmann ? moron of romila thapar order ! !
would love to see the shock on their white faces when they find they have no non white friends !
yes  jihadi . wager of war . that's what he was .
yes  vox wrote the book . it's very good and explicitly pro-white ( and critical of israel ) . embraces white identity politics .
yes keralites too put alien names and act in this manner - anything indian is not good for them
you are not white  you are an inferior race to the turkeys  i like turkeys but you are lesser turkeys .
you're like prewhites  not quite white .
you're so stupid . jew is ethic  catholic is a religion .
youre a black nationalist they just add white to it to make it sound like white supremacy .
  " become who we are " " : really lame white guys who want to feel special . "
  " color " " doesnt matter unless u r white . n amurrica diversity & pro-white free speech can't coexist . #whitegenocide "
  " diversity " " = white genocide : via "
  " i'm tired of hearing about optics . lots of larping nazis on cnn and msnbc are what we need for our cause . " " "
 - politics better because my family is swedish and german  my  " homelands " " are being raped due to communist traitors and moral weakness . yes . "
 already the media has changed from  " white supremacists " " to " " white nationalists  " " a clear sign of normalization of wn "
 are you a white person who is apathetic about  " white genocide " " or think it is just a conspiracy theory ? watch this video & wake the fu * k up ! "
 by better looking i meant his appearance  he looked more  " normal " " than previously  perhaps less orange ? "
 calls a  " white nationalist " " group ; says they are " " white supremacist . " " "
 cuckfederates are certain the csa wasn't racist . their favorite slogan is  " heritage  not hate " " "
 it's  " white ruling elite " " turned america into a great melting pot.brain drain & cheap manual labor benefit america "
 rt : all the anti white whites will be caught between their coloured  " allies " " and pro white  whites . "
 rt trump :  " we will no longer surrender this country or its people to the false song of globalism . " " "
#whitegenocide means no more white children .
' holocaust ' debate / comments / news jews created fake jewish graves : now this is an eye opener  especially ...
- dreamers are on welfare ! dreamers dont work so they can protest ! ! illegals are trying to tell legal americans what to do ! ! what is wrong with this picture ? ? ? vote no on ungrateful daca ! ! !
. signed ! if the american people only understood how much of a fatal mistake it is not to secure our borders . #oath 1st
1 ) the white race isn't going anywhere . most people of every race would rather be with someone similar to themselves . #whitepeople
3 . during the obama admin if they were relevant at all ! two  if trump was really a racist or white supremacist  this group would now be
7 ) alt-right defeatest in nature . ( i'm a member ) . trump's winning drove our winning enthusiasm . but too
: chicago is fast approaching 600 homicides for the year and most are black on black . suggestions from me ; leave the demokk
: ernst zndel : the hitler we loved and why via
: let's be a white resister : because the beauty of white aryan woman must not perish from the earth ...
: most dangerous cities in america all have heavily non-white populations via
: muslim gangs want 2 kill those who tell truth ? kill those who worship jesus christ ? kill those who draw
: no campus ( or country ) for white men #waronwhites #maga #ancap
: white genocide in the united states of america a 100 year history
: zuckerberg's dream : the jewish ruled anti-white racist social network .
a wall is meaningless once amnesty is granted . in time they will tear down the wall like they are tearing down statues . #notrumpamnesty
a white ethnostate would be very safe . great for raising white children .
absolute proof jews enemyof white race !
adolf #hitler speaking on #economics : #nazi #whitepower #whitepeople #ows #oo #occupy #banksters
aka make america white again
all white . all . white . and  by the way  america is already safe . safer every year .
alright who tf let the black kid sit at the front of the bus
american is white and christian you meant  love .
american white for ever ... usa
amna  you hate whites . why do you live in a white country ? please repatriate yourself to your country of origin .
and stats show he'll likely shoot a black man  so all you white hostages can just leave .
and the kicker 70 % of the agents are white . know the facts before you idiots make false statement . take white selves back to europe .
anglin has provided a platform for dehumanizing white women and his fan
antifa & other leftists are the ones constantly defending violent muslims & is
are we for white immagration ?
as it should be . all that is happening to europe today  hitler foresaw . he also knew the jewish plan to destroy whites .
ban islam and hate religions like islam simple
behind mongrelization of white
big difference between southern and midwestern evangelicals is racial consciousness
biggest perpetrators of #whitegenocide are white people .
black  hispanic  gay  trans  asian  not a white student union  it's why conservatism is useless  they watched as the left destroyed whiteness
black on white crime vs white on black crime ! #rt #stopislam #makedclisten #wakeupamerica
blacks are just as prejudiced as whites then . blacks don't want to live in black neighborhoods either .
blood & honour - white aryan resistance t-shirt from the white resister va
can ice come into classrooms and arrest ? ? ? ! ! ? ? ! ! ? ? ... pleaseee ! ! !
charity gives them less incentive to help themselves . white race = ruined . good job .
come to america because of prosterity = white america !
come to america legally with respect for our laws  tax / debt payers  and citizens ! and if you did not then respect our laws by leaving !
congress  dc bureaucrats sell out us workers by boosting foreign labor .
conservatism is dead . we're going to have white liberty or white fascism . and i choose liberty .
continue staying white and christian . it has been helpful to your growth in america . keep your soul white and pure !
cops started pushing & violently arresting people outside nyu where gavin mcinnes is speaking ! #antifa #acab
cuckservatives : trump and white identity politics : is trump mainstreaming white identity politics ?
democrats in white hoods have hung white republicans from nooses before  you don't scare us .
diverstiy is a code word for white genocide
do you want to save the #whiterace the wise ( #wei #white ) from #whitegenocide ?
don't reform anything . it's simple follow the laws on the books . come here legally or get deported . can't wait for 2018
elder  if you keep tweeting logic and facts like you are doing you will be called a white supremacist-doesn't matter not white-dems nuts .
enforce our laws = they've got to go backmerit-based = less third-world #jointaddress
every positive global development in the past 1000 + years has been introduced by whites . that is not accidental .
fair is codename for white trash
four jewish media moguls drove us into ww 2 :
from china to india to egypt to meso america  all ancient white civilizations were destroyed by diversity .
fuhrer's birthday today 20th april . pl gather near city centre churches with swastika flags & slogans heil hitler .
globalization = white genocide . usa next on the list ! never in america . keep your guns !
good fences make good neighbors and locks keep honest people honest ! #maga build the wall
good to see the former executive director of the south carolina republican party out in support of the #confederateflag #infowars
happy birthday uncle adolf ! how i wish you were still with us .
he needs more food  and white women
hillary * white lion awakeningwhite might !
his last name is klein and he hangs around with a pan-eurasianist duginist nazbol crypto-jew . these are not trustworthy people .
honestly we shouldnt have saved them . if nat socs won there would be no muslim invasion  germany would still be a bastion of masculinity and european identity . support mr . nehlen !
how are they being forced to film gay or lesbian marriage ? if this is a religious message are they designated as a church ?
hypocritical jews fret ' demographic catastrophe ' while promoting anti-white agenda : #stopwhitegenocide
i  am white aryans and christian viking from finland nokia.happy summer white alaska.america and canada . sieg heil 88 .
i am drunk on your white tears of pain ! !
i am in total agreement with you . the nwo loves not humanity but those human rat people that are loyal to them to divide us
i believe that sjw are making white men the scapegoats  like hitler did w jews .
i heard thereare no white people in africa  you should go there .
i thank and applaud you for highlighting white genocide in sa . please continue - they've no escape and no future . no help .
i thought trump said he was going to kick these illegals out ?
if you don't like white people you picked the wrong country to live in.bye !
im new to white pride but eh black's are taking over washington state slowly every man need's a black slave i believe
in memoriam panzerdivision totenkopf t-shirt from the white resister via
infidels r infidels .. allah is not racist  he hates all the same  be it white  brown or yellow
islamic scholar applauded on german tv for predicting germanys genocide #whitegenocide
it is not islamophobia when they really are trying to kill you . islamrealism is sprea
it's okay to be a racist as long as your not white
jew-run gq now tells white men to have black men hump their wives .
jews right now throw muslim + arab against white + christian
john friend's blog : international holohoax remembrance day
just another jewish think-tank with a paradoxical name . has nothing to do with heritage at all .
just listen to his speech ... latinos  black  muslims ... many bad people . white supremacists ? some are very fine people !
justine damond  this immigrant running around an alley at night  barely dressed  charging our cops  banging their car . claims she heard a noise in the alley . really ? so she went out at night to see ? #bluelivesmatter hooker arguing w / her john . noor kept us safe . #philandocastile
keep up the good work  ice !
kkk alive and well white brother hood unite ku klux klan
kkk we have americans doing that here as well ! where are those stories ? that's right you hate everybody who isn't white
koran = kill everything that is not muslimbible = kill no one
license to kill .. the white race #whitegenocide #thanksjews
memo to benny : americans are white nationalist . if we cease to be  there ceases to be an america worth defending .
more diversity in obama's america : white couple brutally beaten by racist negroes for no reason via
mullets are one of the few things white people created on their own without cultural appropriation
muslims hate chameleons and kill them instantly whenever they see them so stay safe !
no country for minority white children : racist attacks by violent non-whites rising in america via
no daca deport them they have been on the taxpayer backs along with illegal parents since they arrived . my kids are still paying student loans why are theirs free and i'm paying it makes no sense . let them make their own countries great . no more illegals  daca  entitlements . out
no sharia in usa ! this is painful way to kill animal !
no wh n they say it's not a hate crime they are saying the shooter isn't white
nonsense . monuments to evil still remain . washington jefferson they owned slaves it's good . white race might will never die due to ignorance
nope blacks are the white races misfortune . blacks and shills that hate white labor like you .
norway : town of 40 to get 550 refugees ! village not happy . in tibet they call this genocide
nothing to do with hatred i just want white countries to stay white and to preserve the white race . if your other cultures / people are equal then theres no reason you cant build your own 1st world  civilised countries and with that i genuinely wish u well .
nothing wrong if their black  it's when they hate white america  & most of black america gets no help . marxist ?
now follow the letters up with a show of force  ice raids and clean those sanctuary cities out of the illegals .
oh no  if you're not black enuf  am i not white enuf to be a racist  this is a disaster . this is going to make skin color mean nothing !
ooga booga where da white wimmin at
our great white christian race shall defeat muslims we r obliged 2 xtermin 8 their presence from our daily lives .
people who say ' don't kill dogs ' are animal lovers and those who say ' don't kill cows ' are communal bigots . hypocrisy unlimited .
please help us kkk
pro-white artists need to rally around : #flint #bonestown #trs new dawn for white art ..
race-mixing contributes to white genocide . no doubt about it .
radical radical radical radical radical radical muslims cheer terror bombings in boston
recruiting white nationalist with a jew as your mascot ? talk about mixed message .
republicans view white people like #danielshaver as white trash . republicans primarily care about satisfying their sadistic #policestate fetish  #massincarceration & jewish money . if you care about equal rights for whites  the #gop is the last place you'll find that .
sadly too many whites are doing the chopping . collaborators in our demise .
see  the left made a thing when they started hating people based on their skin color
see the #hypocrisy ? see our last tweet ! jews keep non-jews out of #israel but push for non-whites to flood gentile lands .
shoot to kill . these are not refugees . these are invaders .
show your pride with wpww t-shirts from white resister ! don't shame your race ! be proud of it .
sjws are wrong . whites have been brainwashed to work against our own interests .
some are mixed-race part-euro ~ they imagined most will intermarry whites and future generations will be white
some of my white friends did the same thing  and i'm white ... may be part russian 2 .
sorry  but is white
switzerland : africans kill elderly white man then start screaming about racism #swrm #smh #racism via
system has to change . how many times are these criminals going to be let out only to commit more heinous crimes . jail till deportation .
thank you so much for coming . this speech will prove to win more than they realize . #altright #pizzahutjew
that would be even more more evidence that they really are ( ( ( white ) ) ) not white . anglo women don't abort .
thats all we need . as long as the white race is at the top . thats very important .
thats y races should stay w / own origin however some pl will say ura racist  look at chinese folks 4 ex
the amazing white race
the definition of marriage . women's restrooms in the deep south . the border . #truconservatives have been a total failure . believe me
the key to maintaining a civilized society is maintaining the white race ! deport the third worlders !
the psyche is fairly simple . white people deserve to be proud of their heritage and their own nations .
the south has already risen again . dixie has an economy larger than germany . we just need independence
the way things are going even europe wont be white  dont play stupid
the white race needs to be strong and unite ... grow and multiply ... that would be great !
theres only the white side grow up what isn't white duh ! ! !
these daca activists hate the us why legalize them ? ? ?
they know exactly what they're doing when they target and exploit the emotional nature of black people .
they need a martyr and a great white defendant .
this is a worldwide struggle in which all white people are comrades and allies .
this is what your pathetic good white sentiment will get you . take notes people .
this is why white advocacy is important ... they want you dead . wake up white people  stand up for yourselves .
this is your brain on civic nationalism
this whole narrative that #daca people do so much for our economy is just not true . most are more racist than any white person in 2017 .
very sorry to see the audience is half white .
very true ! if they do not trust indians and india they should move out ! individual choice ! no sweat ! extreme views ! sad
wait so is going to be a speaker on the panel about anti-semitism at a jewish school ? should be a panel of anti-semitism with how much she blames the jews and israel for the problems in the world . she shouldve joined the .
wave of black mobs brutalizing whites rt #tcot #tlot #teaparty #ocra
we are together with the white race at present in their struggle against various forms of jihad .
we're not reaching out we use the example of a homogeneous israel as a meme as to why jews keep forcing diversity
we're talking about america . africa don't care about you white lady .
well they average 100 iq . care to know what blacks average ? ?
what you see today is close to their natural state . if you want to change it you will have to support white cultural hegemony .
where do i sign up brotherfuck yaeh white
white alabama is counting on you ! !
white americans have remained shockingly european despite decades of race mixing propaganda via
white christians can assimilate with white christians in a white christians culture.the fantasy that that can be extended to every race is failing before our eyes .
white column is meaningless if jews are included . they need their own column .
white gentiles must critically assess themselves also
white guilt
white homeland in every state
white people deserve a homeland . why are you anti-white . whites are becoming minorities in their own countries .
white people offer more then complaints  rapes and gang shootings .
white power south georgia has your back
white pride world wide t-shirt from the white resister :
white vs jew : stark contrast of phenotypes
whites are the kulaks / christians of communism 2.0 . if we kill em  we'll be rich etc .
whole foods jesus : god * * * white america : rev . jeff hood riles up the black lives matter crowd
why are white enclaves so damaging to blacks ? because they foul and destroy their own neighborhoods .
why is it the #jews & #catholics of europe wanted to come to a country founded by evil white nationalist protestants ? #scalise
will the white oppression never cease !
yes jail them so they can cost taxpayers more $ than their food stamps did
yo  c'mon back you little illegal aliens . we still got lots of us-born suckers we can smash out of line to make room
you are right  white people are very good  how they gave almost all banking to a small group is amusing
you can expel white muslims too ! white christians is pretty much the basis of the identity .
you can't hide your lying eyes : conservatism inc's refusal to admit detroit is 92 percent black : its ... #tcot #p2
your statement is utter rubbish . jews killed over 70 million people at the same time ( inclu
yup . race is real & we're not concerned with your race or other races . we are concerned with white growth & population .
  " : jared taylor on the white man's disease : pathological altruism . #race #tpot #tcot " " ... wow ! a must read "
  " : multicultural horror : 20 non-white muslim " " refugees " " rape 11 year old swedish girl in bathhouse | kill that rubbish ! "
  " the media ... are quick to blame any surprising violence on the right-wing nazis of their imaginations " " "
 >  " scared white men " " this is what you sound like . "
 actually neither one of those is true . here are some more  " black invention myths " " - #fact #logic "
 but every time i ask why black people do so much more crime people tell me it's  " culture " " "
 conservative pundit who declares white working class communities  " deserve to die " " says trump is unfit for office : "
 glaciers  nordic women  peace and prosperity . libs tell me a white ethnostate is  " racist . " " so what ? "
 hamas : kill #christians & jews to the last one  " "
 john friend's blog :  " homeland security " " : a jewish racket "
 last year they were whining that too many  " white " " people won-its only america when tokens are given their participation trophies "
 lol  " white ppl are afraid  but blacks saying everyone is racist and out to get then is totally logical " " "
 most of these  " nazis " " don't appear to be white . antifa is whiter than they are ! "
 needs 2b noted in2011  " christian " " hategroup encouraged isis / alqaeda / taliban anti - #lgbt attacks #familyvalues #religiousliberty "
 ns might of glorified an aryan race as superior . but they weren't racist like these  " skinheads " " you see today . "
 rt are  " bronies " " the future of white nationalism ? #gay #newright "
 rt michigan state student :  " it is not okay to be white " " :/ / "
 rt racial separation would mean the end of  " white supremacy  " " " " white privilege  " " and white police shooting blacks . "
 rt the words  " love your race " " are now a hate symbol according to the anti-defamation leaguedoes that just apply to white people or everybody ? "
 rt this is a ploy . you are correct . they calculate that if they win  they'll stilly do nothing . however  if they lose they will just blame the issues and say  " you see  people don't want a wall  they won't more 3rd world immigration . " " it is the perfect win win situation for them ! "
 she's a typical leftie  cultural relativist  terrified of being thought  " racist " " . islam "
 soon they will be asking  " how can remaining whites integrate into dutch muslim mainstream culture " " "
 the biggest lie of all is the fake jewish  " holocaust " " narrative of wwii ! on the importance of exposing the holohoax "
 this degenerate society has become so backwards  that it's considered  " worse " " to point a finger at evil  than the evil itself ! #freedom "
 to say  " white lives matter " " is pure  " " racist hate " " . anti-racist is a code word for #antiwhite . "
 well those  " groups " " are anti-white and it's obvious in their speech . "
 what is an  " amrcn " " doing with an ' isrli counter terror agt ? ' well .. once a jew always a jew .. very clannish ! ! "
 you are the one committing the double standard   " i love jews their genocide sucks  but oh well whites " " "
#berkeley police dept and mayor should be sued by those violently assaulted by #antifa while #berkeley
#howtospotafeminist their favorite colour isn't white .
#msnbc guest : more white kids have to die . only then will whites understand racism . disgusting .
#spreadthetruth radical muslims came out again on the streets ( cont )
. tom nichols is a parody of a failed boomer cuck  whom no one listens to anymore .
1 godfather of alt-right / white nationalists ~ jared taylor concured w / controversial book the bell curve findings on iq & race
1st the will question my race . then call me a troll . then ws . then more race . rinse repeat . when someone would rather call names than debate the idea .. #game #set #matchthey hate govt yet demand more and more entitlements . blame every bad life choice on race . want white guilt
2016 white privilege conference : contextualizing jewish steered climate of anti-white terror
74 % of terrorist attacks in the us come from you - us nazis and white supremacists / christi
: degenerate black racist murdered young white national socialist for swastikatattoo by
: guess i'll tell all my successful southern friends they owe it all to a slave they've never owned
: i never had anyone ever hate me because i'm white . ever !
: knockout king in pittsburgh : another anti-white racist attacks in obama's america ( video ) via ...
: muslims don't want to assimilate - rathe
: new black panther negroes started mobilization to burn white communities
: new black panther's white genocide project : ' if they are white  kill em all ' ( video ) via
: the jews know who belongs in the white house.jews .
: they want to call you bigoted  racist  prejudiced  or anti muslim to control you .
: via tennessee high school students visit mosque  get qur'an - - not visiting church or synagogue
: wake up white america ! ! your end is coming : ; wtf ? !
: when whitey won't stand up for himself ... ' hundreds of young black people beating white people ' ...  ...
a reminder of what black people think about you  white man
a very simple question  to you : is it ok to be white ?
according to the #white house  june is lgbt pride month . i'm a white southern christian . can i be proud of that ?
agreed . the white race got too selfish and stopped having kids in exchange for materialism . now they're done .
all american poor communities black white asian hispanic mexican . i just don't see controversy
all hollowed out : the lonely poverty of america's white working class
allows to call for rape of white women in america ! stop him
america was 95 % white until 1965 . the rest of the west was even more white . we borrow technology that works  but not other people .
american diversity work in progress : black teens kill white girl for bicycle via
american diversity work in progress : black teens kill white girl for bicycle via #tcot
americans first ! illegals have to go it's time for americans to get out of poverty !
and in an even bigger surprise : a jew calls another jew a jew to get another jew to cry -> wait for
andrew quackson this dude for sure is some type of government agent dude and definitely judaic hiding behind a thinly catholic veal
anonymous tweeting is new white hood rt : blacks absolutely should go back to africa .
anti-white race war slasher music clip teaches black children to hate and massacre whites via
anti-whites will demonize any white person focusing on their race in a positive way . but if you look at
anything for my white race ! rahowa ! !
anything pro-white is automatically labeled ' hate ' ! ( ( ( they ) ) ) hate white people !
are selfie sticks the last stand of implicit white identity ?
are you a student and sick of the #antiwhite message on campus ? john us . #projectsiege
as always  a complete bias against white people . no hate charges for black power . white lives do not matter .
austria is one of first to get smart about creeping islam . rest of europe should build more hospitals or deport !
back of his trailer ! are we still typing white privilege ! i thought i'll white ppl have mansions !
barbados  the birthplace of new world slave societies  is the most successful black country .
because if she were fired  shed proclaim  racist america !
bernie will lose to hillary in the south because of black identity politics
bihar loves caste violence and rape by lalu's followers
black male assassinates 5 white men in kansas city posting online kill all whites ! is worse than #charlottesville
black nationalism  asian nationalism  white nationalism .
black people have never formed a civilized society on their own without the help of white people .
blacks attack  kill  rape white sa farmers and create food shortages cause they can't do the farming .
blood & honour - white aryan resistance t-shirt from the white resister : via
border wall build it
but like ben carson  i bet he is a white supremacist
but this works with white-race-obsessed alt right people too .
can we start a eugenics program of poor uneducated people of all races ? let's breed out ignorance .
can't wait 2 watch  your videos are great david . the one where you discuss muhammed cross dressing is top
canada : white people are taking up space says anti-white group via
coming from a middle aged obese anti white that has no problem calling people of her own racial identity racist for taking a stand ...
communist news network
conservatism survives to cuck another day if we keep losing to the dems always . if we win  who will cuck ? !
conservatives have no moral compass  they just follow the cultural marxists 10 paces behind in ' righteo
cuckservatives : yes  the alt-right are just a bunch ofracists
cuomo : do you like you ny state now  without white heterosexual christian republicans ?
disgusting how much these people hate america . they are ignorant of the magnitude of thi
diverse arkansas : white kid walking his dog  shot and killed for no reason by racist blacks via
diversity = something for jews to hide behind while they plot the downfall of white civilisation .
don't forget the 125 million * legal * non-whites tooyou would need to deputize all of white america to succeed but unfortunately half of them are liberal and only 8 % overall are sympathetic to white nationalism . plus  majority are passive lemmings who'll never take direct action .
don't say that to him he is black what are you a racist smh whites are the worst
dr . david duke : will the white race survive ? ( video ) | read more :
dreams of eurocide : non-white immigration as a weapon of race-war
dutch arrest 12 thought to be ready to launch jihad attack #islam #islamophobia
elin krantz : just another dead white liberal female raped to death by non-white invader | more : via
end sanctuary cities or give us hunting licenses w / no bag limit on illegals .
ethnic norwegians disappearing as non-white colonization intensifies #swrm #nonwhite #prowhite via
even if you're liberal  they still hate you for being white . keep your dignity instead . #feelthebern #trump2016
every cuck in the senate turned on him with the possible exception of rand paul . they can't afford to lose the senate seat in spite of all their grandstanding
extinction of america's white population speeds up via
finns protest against increasing number of non-white invaders via
fool  the white people never claimed they are superior over any other race
germans jews italians pols ausies english french austrians etc are white who left the spanish and mexicans out ? ? ?
give me your tired  your poor  your huddled masses yearning for white women and ebt
god bless you . here's who did 9/11 : why are they still alive ?
god forbid he celebrate a white person  that would be racist . hate this country anymore .
good job guys we need more white brothers and sisters to stand up for what is right for white america
good leader  trump takes care of his own  takes care of the people who support him . nice to see .
good read for whites who don't exist but need to pay muh everything
good time to issue a support white police leaflet  sticker and posters !
grampa got busted in 1927 ! coincident that donald has said racist things ! #no
groups like have rallied in #charlottesville before without incident . it's groups like & other #antifa groups .
guess saudi arabia is still running the dnc . democrats in total disarrray . good for us trump 8 years .
ha right ! either that or they'd boycott his speech . hopefully one day we will all understand that #withjewswelose
has a decade of black on white  elderly  asian  disabled  lgbt  homeless  veterans  etc .
has played you like a fiddle how do you like it he chose the jewish people over white nationalists
hate  hate  hate ... is this really a religion of peace ?
hating white people isn't racist because white people are the vessels by which all evil enters the world
henry ford was an anti-semite and those guys writing those other books are white supremacists . you guys should read different ones .
heritage is race . africans or asians or arabs don't share european heritage  which is the
hey & - how come so many racist rednecks like rap music ? #askingforafriend
hey greg  you're a ( ( ( chosenite ) ) ) and therefore your opinion is null in matters of white
hispanic builder on the mexico wall : ' work is work '
how ? plus i see you stalking white nationalist a lot
i am westgerman  rightwing but ill.mother dead.who can teach me jewish / babylonian magic ?
i blame the jew for rising anti-semitism . without the jew being the jew ... no need to be anti-jew
i do feel bad 4 them & i rlly dont know wht the solution is b / c if they come ovr illegally--they cont in illegal activity
i dream of sending an alt-right expeditionary force to help defend our kith and kin in south africa .
i feel like what people are starting to say is true there is going to be a race war and the white race is at risk
i genuinely feel the family's pain . and agree with tweet . no immigrants  no accidents . how dare these immigrants bring their accidents here ?
i heart btown ara ! harm thomas buhls vs . bloomington antifa #wtf police escort ?
i think richard spencer would say a white ethnostate is a dream meant to inspire
i think we should also teach kids zionism and white guilt here in america
i'm an american patriot fighting for my nation and constitution and you are shill fighting for amnesty for illegal aliens .
i'm waiting . u called fair racist . back up conclusion w / specific ex . what has it done that's racist ?
if he were white  the media would be demanding every white person in americapay the first black person they see 100 dollars
if you check out the banned video on race and iq  at about 14 minutes they show a graph . it says that in america 16 % of blacks are as smart as the average white person .
im white and im a happy gal .. does that mean im racist and a supremist ?
imagine going back a millenia to find a civilization your ancestors created  only to find out they were white
india wud be a peaceful  prosperous n progressive country only when each of its citizen is a hindu.that shud b d endall objective 4 d state .
indian policy itself was flawed during those times  we pampered arabs and bogey of energy security has fostered mnty appease
islamist infestation in white house ? #rt #stopislam #crusades #makedclisten #wakeupamerica
it is never about color . are u wht ? paint ur skin . are u still white ?
it was in churchill school that we sat anxiously one morning  white boys w / our white teacher awaiting election
it's outrageous that good journalists would white wash an islamic phrase  used to kill  and main  and destroy good .
its a sad day for white people  even worse  they will say he's a racist and ignore it still . #brainwashed
jaitley wanted bjp nomination for pm post but outwitted by modi ; was also pro-sonia earlier .
jew commissions poll  says 80 % of americans believe in coming second holocaust | read more :
jews and their faking of ' hate crimes ' : jews are always whining about the absurd notion of ' hate ' crimes  howe ...
john kaminski and i discuss the impending war on syria instigated and spearheaded by israel and international jewry :
justice for huwhite people !
let's all return home . whites to euro  nice . others back to 3rd world
look - another parrott / heimbach tradworker spreading false sexual smears about a pro-white activist - what trad workers always do - make up false sexual smears about anyone trying to help white people  like . go tell your ( ( ( boss ) ) ) it's not working  #tradworker
lots of normal white people are receptive to a pro-white message  a lot voted for trump . don't you pro-white to be mainstream ?
mass non-white immigration & forced assimilation for white nations is the main priority for world jewry since wwii . #whitegenocide
maybe stuff like charities for poor whites  or victims of the opiod crisis
maybe you should build your thriving black communities far away where white people can't get to them
minnesota beat vermont for the title of the most cucked state in america . there's a reason white privilege billboards  conferences are there
most of us tolerate the altlite as long as they dont call us nazis like mitchell . milo defending pedo = indefensible
most recent fake feminist luring unschooled into mohammed trap of subjugation & abuse ; learn kill plan at
mr . those who fell into the hands of islamic invaders had only two choices - either convert or get killed .
muslims crimes against the british people  time to start closing down uk mosques ! /
netherlands : 65 % of 1990s immigrants on welfare | read more : via
no  idiot  i attack the people so stupid they can't understand the ramifications of having to
no  the white population will literally be replaced with a new people  l
no one cares what another bigoted white male of privilege has to say . #lovewins
no one who is pro-white believes that murdering white 14 - year-olds in kansas is good for us
no-that would be outrageous  since they have no citizenship rights and pay no taxes ! who represents american taxpayers ?
non whites already have groups to help them . the federal government  for instance .
now you have ' white guilt ' debates and anti-white agitation all over your country  blm  antifa etc . wish you lots of fun with that .
obama receiving a nobel prize reduced that award to meaningless hunk of lead !
ok ... here he is in his own words advocating a white ethnostate .
okay  so is europe rightfully owned by white people ?
one more cop shot by a muslim . it was a woman so mainstream media doesn't care to report ...
only white people ended slavery .
op ; white storm #wpww #whitegenocide
our people really don't need minorities . we built the world's great empires without poc . they need us  not the other way around .
overpopulation will eventually produce misery for these people once we cant take care of them . sterilization in exchange for food perhaps ?
people that only consider and believe info from jews and the establishment have problems even entertaining what i say
philip girladi interview  jewish americans pushing wars via
pl attack china
pls don't deliberately mislabel jared as a white supremacist . race realism ! = white supremacism .
potentially ? it's just another way ( ( ( they ) ) ) are trying to attack whites by polluting learning institutions .
protecting jihads and demeaning christians ... just like any ' christian ' potus would prefer . thanks obama voters
question  i am descended from pashtuns  the original aryans that hitler even imported to purify germans . does that count ? am i in ? heil !
race mixing is the death of the white race .
racist ( anti-white ) commieleftwhite mayor #nola incr.antifa  blmpwrs & deeply div .
real appelaing for whites . get to the back of the bus and bend over . you antiwhites have shown your true colors .
reverse all engines ! make america white again .
simple rule of thumb ; if they don't openly say they are for the white race  its because they aren't  so drop them
so  if islam is innocuous  why were the crusades launched ?
so now you are denying that white countries are flooded with non white to create a ' blended humanity ' ? #whitegenocide
south africa white genocide escalates  international jew-controlled media remains in silence via
still think sodomy is part of white identity ?
that's like saying arabs are white . they're semites  hence the prase anti-semite ..
that's what this country has turned into  racist aclu trying to make whites look bad ! if whites were supremacist it would a white country only
the best thing for all those ideas and ideals is the survival and expansion of the white race .
the choice is clear white folks : multiracial democracy or white nationalism ? #donaldtrump is our chance 2 choose . pick and prepare to fight
the fact a jew could have ever sat in an elected seat anywhere  shows some sort of disconnect between white ideas & reality
the first college was built in africa . the second college of the world was built in spain by africans . u will say africans are white . lol
the french are not white ? :d have you ever seen a french ? !
the globalists shut down the white supremacists . hence  wh
the jewish educator is out ! stories via
the white #aryan race has been-throughout history-the most creative & culturally constructive race of people .
the white man's march is on !
the white race has an amazing #history filled with incredible accomplishments . through our achievements the whole world has benefitted .
the world has been turned upside down : kosher republic is purging the #nevertrump cucks :
they accept ' latinos  gays  blacks  asians etc for trump ' but white identity is just too racist
they are both jewish supremacist  anti-white and anti-christian hate groups .
they enjoy the highest quality of life living in a nation built by whites while enjoying out vast technology and medicine .
they want it called a hate incident so they can imply white trump supporters did it . cair is an anti-us hate organization .
this is the same hom sec that bans and from uk cos the speak truth about islam
those alt-right guys sound like they are on to something !
time to get the truthabout radical islamor buy a casketno joke
trump is surrounded by a yiddish board of directors . republicans are not for white people !
u realize all cultures captured n made slaves  that jew / arabs sold them n that white peopl
u see this ? white pill ?
us : school teachers too white  say anti-whites
we aint the white male is treated horrible by every race including white women
we prefer to be called identitarians . we believe that societies with majority populations that share racial / ethnic & cultural commonality  an identity  are more stable & preferable to ones that are multi
what exactly is the meaning ? white people and only white people are called racist all the time for different reasons .
what happens when there are no more white people in europe ? try saying muticulti is good for any other race .
what if white privilege is actually white accomplishment ?
what's the deal / is it wrong now to be superior and white ?
when 3035 th white farmer shot dead in south africa in front of wife #swrm #white #wpww via
where do black people perform at the white or asian level ? anywhere ?
white ( guilt ) knight
white and black is none of our business ; only aryans are invited
white antifas are going to have to live by there creed . they need to enjoy multicultural america .
white genocide accelerates in italy : some italian schools are now majority non-white | read more : via
white genocide is not peace
white lives matter rallies against the blm kidnapping in chicago via
white on black rape is nonexistent .
white people can go wherever tf they want basically ...
white people understand ... you are the immigrants ! ! ! #stupidpeople #blindtotruth
white power and proud ! ! !
white power forever  white people rules forever and the whites will rule againall hail the aryans / whiteshail and so on ( others )
white race is in danger  do not delay  wipe out china & north korea ; they r hand in glove
white resistance increases as minority status looms #swrm via
whites are not allowed to work for their group interests .
who would adopt the white babies ? we are actually the adopters
whoa this is not white america this is not your land its the native americans land
why ? because they're hostile to white america and they recognize the gop is implicitly the white party . not rocket science .
why are we in the state we are today ? post 1946.the plan to dilute the white race was set .
why are you obsessed with few muslims when you know well that they will not vote for bjp ?
why did nbc scrub osu jihadist facebook quotes ? this is msm diluting the truth of political islam . #ohiostate
why i'm a white separatist - : orania : crime-free white aryan community in south africa ( video )
why is indian media silent on the risk that & his minister's conduct has posed to lakhs of indians in uganda ?
why should we preserve the white race just because of its minority status ?
yeah kkk lets get them dirty bastards
yep  of course ! you're racist against your own community if you don't succumb to this line of thinking !
yet can't enter uk bcse he warns the civilizef world about dangers of #islam #stopislam #stopsharia
yet u let terrorist like anjem spit hate at everyone . anyone who doesn't like islam is racist ? ?
you can't be a true muslim w / o imposing sharia law . no wonder many true muslims hate you .
you can't take me because i'm not white . but i'm the best pureblood the filipino race has ever produced .
you cannot unite with people who are trying to steal your land and kill you .
you don't look white lol
you don't need those white people at your meetings . stand strong and assert your black identity and right to exclusive spaces !
you hate us cause se you can't be us #unitetheright
you have no right to diversify white countries to satisfy your personal preference .
you mean  like ... white people ? because the us was native american land before it was stolen .
you think if a white man tweeted the racist tweets did but vice versa  would he still have a job ? #doublestandard
you white  you don't fight
you whites will never have a claim in africa . we blacks can not share our continent with you people
your people came to a friendly and highly populated continent  and instead of making friends  like the spanish  destroyed .
  " : a majority of latinas and black girls  i cannot stand " " "
  " dear white people " " trailer culturally appropriates my people's music . #notok "
  " jewish " " bolsheviks are a clever bunch . " " zionists " " . " " neo cons " " . they own our media . "
  " jews " " are white  if a " " jew " " didn't tell you that they were " " jewish " " you'd think they're white for the most parts ... "
  " lawyers for la raza ... believe it is their mission to humiliate and destroy white christian america . " " "
  " the jew as a parasite " " ( ( ( glyptapanteles ) ) ) "
 all white heritage is hate ? what about all the bad things blacks and asians have done ? or do you have a double standard cuz '  " oppression . " " "
 black supremacist screaming  " i hate white people " " attacked whites in new york metro station ( video ) "
 democracy is being governed by a  " majority " " of wealthy jews and their non-white identity group lackeys "
 human history is a tale of  " who ? whom ? " " i am for my side . ( and the only reason you think slavery is wrong is bc some white men decided it was . no one had moral objections to slavery prior to the 19th century  excepting some quakers . and no jefferson didn't screw sally hemmings ) "
 i hope it leads to  " white genocide " "  and i'm white ! "
 it is a needed break from variations of  " i'm white " " which is nauseating and everywhere . "
 no  no ... they're called  " terrorist travellers  " " don't ya know ? #canada's is a " " compassionate society  " " so it's important we treat these parasites with respect and tolerance . hug a jihadist ! invite them over for a pork supper ! that's the canadian way ! #cdnpoli #isis "
 no  only  " white people " " are racists . "
 no ! remember  hate means  " white hate " "  racism means " " white racism " " & hillary is innocent no matter what . "
 no verse in quran say  " kill innocent jews or christians " " #myjihad - condemn hate & terrorism "
 of all the  " threats " " against jewish centers  was a single one connected to a white person ? i only recall jews & blacks "
 opposing jihad terror is opposing people who on average have darker skin than white people  so it's  " racist " " . "
 rt  " white privilege " " is when the gun jams of the gang banger trying to kill you . #fergusonoctober "
 rt  " why would ( ( ( they ) ) ) want both parents working ? first  to break down the #family ... " " #internationalwomensday "
 rt :  " black lives matter & antifa can show up with mace  acid & baseball bats " " .. while your far right romp u "
 rt :  " i want to do jihad ... it is written in the koran that you are allowed to kill infidels as you would kill a dog . " " "
 rt : and i thought we were snowflakes that  " not racist " " white nationalist sure can cry "
 rt judge sentenced three  " refugees " " to probation ( no jail time ) for rape of a 5 - year-old girl in idaho . national #media coverage ? of course not "
 supremacy requires diversity . white  " supremacists " " are really separatists . wantnothing to do wnon-whites "
 that's why i tell the people calling that flag racist & hate  " oh you want to see a ' racist & hate ' do you ? " " "
 the place the white europeans colonized was a barren wilderness . the place mexicans are immigrating to is an advanced welfare state . so even if i were to say for the sake of argument that they are both  " immigrants " "  it's disenguous to suggest that they arrived in the same country "
 the system discriminates in favor of blacks .  " institutional racism " " is anti-white in america "
 they were born with  " white privilage " " "
 uk's births are 65 %  " white british " "  majority ethnic english  alabama's are 60 % white  majority ethnic "
 why do muslims have a  " jew hate gene " " ? "
 you're right  hes a  " disgruntled employee " " because hes black . if he was white it would be a " " white supremacist goes on racist rampage " " "
 your  " anti-islamic extremists " " threaten to kill no-one . muslim extremists kill people round the clock . "
# we must wake up and realize whats going on against the white race . and protect our aryan women from the enemy .
#dayafterchristmas in america during the current year . join the #altright  white people . #malls
#islamistheproblem #bansharia . #marchagainstsharia june 10  2017 9am - 2pm
#kasich won't lift a finger to protect whites from blacks or even warn them . some of them need warning .
& i discuss alt media  zionism  jewish supremacy  9/11  #brussels :
. i hate islamists . i hate jihadis . i hate terrorists . i do not hate muslims .
. iranian #military #leader : #islamic revolutionary guards will be in #us & #europe very soon #banislam
. supporting ambedkar periyar union who burn indian flag 2 support rohith vemula #congmediadividingindia
84 % of all wanted criminals in copenhagen are non-white | read more : via
: #marriage sanctioned by god is the joining of one man and one woman  as their genders were determined by god at conceptio
: appealing to the weak willed moral cowardice of the postwar right & scaring them into disavowal has been t
: black man openly fantasizes about slaughtering white girls during race war ( video )
: hi  it's me  the soviet apologist  here to talk to you about human rights .
: highest probable suspect i'd say is another deranged white bernie bro / communist . another killer b
: look at the word games though . i organized the rally & i'm not a ' racist ' or ' neo-nazi ' . i'm pro-white & p
: new black panther leader says he's gonna hunt down and kill white people
: peres : jews can live safely in palestinian state : whats this fear ? theyll kill jews ? today ?
: rural america currently lays in ruins.congress teams up to condemn them as white supremacists . #cuckservativelogic @
: sharia law is barbaric
: there it is in black and white . are muslims blind that they cannot see this ?
: voted to avoid pointless wars and third world immigration . got pointless wars and more thi
: white genocide accelerates in sweden : university removes all portaits of white male professors
a black guy paints the symbol of white supremacy if he was white ? ? ( jail )
a black state is a good idea . get them out of here . white states are good ideas  too .
a jew head on white shoulders a schizophrenic society makes .
a perfect demonstration of fear-based mind control programming #withjewswelose #nomorejewishlies
a small list of obama's lies . you expected more ? obama's list of lies grows each day obama is in office . #tcot #tlot
africansrcalling white people mental - 4wearing clean clothes .
agreed . the white race has built and invented every aspect of modern civilisation .
all these people ( mostly white males )  who feel insecurevand threatened because the have to share with other cultures  races  sexes etc you cant stop multiculturalism ... 5-6 billion non white people now  you cant kill them all .
all white people lets make america better by supporting the and if any of the anp run for president or congress vote for them .
alright ted kaczynski  mail bomb your way to a white ethnostate . whil
america was founded in the principle of white supremacy chrome dome ( and there's nothing wrong with that )
and my neighborhood is diverse.white  black  italian  asian etc . we all agree . stfu commie hippies ! ! !
and we see how well desegregation helped white people ... now they are statistically more likely to victimized by a black ...
another brain dead zombie hating white people .
another day  yet another white sexual predator of children . why do and allow this to go ignored ? because they like all white men are nambla members !
anti-racist activist raped by non-white illegal immigrant after attending anti-racism festival
anti-white media gloats over firing another pro-white activist #whitegenocide
are you butthurt ? typical christian !
as long as white men allow jews into their midst and to lead them  they will continue to fail their race .
asking for a friend  he wants to join but he only wants the gay stuff  he doesn't believe in white genocide  ns  just good gay action
barbara spectre : muslim invasion into europe a good thing -
because it's totally out of the question for a muslim to kill white christians  right ?
belgium : non-white invader rapes white woman after dont rape course | read more :
black lives matter philly bans whites from upcoming meaning . since rachel dolezal claims to black i guess she would still be invited
black people aren't our enemies either . they're being exploited just as much by the jews .
black supremacist tries to kill white woman by shoving her into oncoming traffic
boohoo white people can't get their financial life together .
born in america  you waste of space . all you people bring to this world is hate and negati
both cucks & sjws attack white symbols & history  spit on white identity and demand #whitegenocide . no meaningful difference .
breaking : supreme court redefines marriage . show your support for #1m1w marriage by signing the statement right now .
buddy    i don't want you to hate yourself . i want you to hate your white skin
check out my white race is superior to anything book . moral supremacy : the revolution for god . sept . 1 is when it hits .
churches self segregate peacefully and maintain white homogeneity . what's your iq ?
come on  hedd ! you know white people arent allowed to identify and associate based on race ! only blacks  asians  jews and mestizos can do that ! we have to help all people ! even if they hate our guts ! its almost as if were called upon to be better than them ...
cuckservatives : are republicans for freedom or white identitypolitics ?
dan cook : can we make w.va . a white state ? = = = >
dearly for their crimes against the white british subjects !
dems hate white people ... just look at the candidates for dnc head .. they actually say it !
denmark . white america . someone honestly want to tell me the two aren't closer than mayans ?
do you consider ' identitarianism ' more of a viable future option than the ' alt right ' label ? identity evropa seem to be going that way
do you disavow all of these ? btw there's tons for every other race too besides blacks . if you don't disavow all of these you're anti-white
doesn't understand  is her #leftism speeds the growth of #islam & #sharia .
don't let the refugees in if australia isn't letting them we shouldn't either send them back to there country where they belong ..
dressing like their dads or milton from office space . they selling me annuities insurance along with the ethnostate ?
elin krantz : just another dead white liberal female via #tcot #p2
ethnic norwegians disappearing as non-white colonization intensifies #swrm #nonwhite via
excellent ! the jihad of words via
expulsion from human race though
extinction of america's white population speeds up #swrm #whitepride via
fix your own countries . don't come leech off of ours . #buildthewall #endimmigration #altright #identitarian
god cursed the jew 4 corrupting his message & hide it from the rest of human being.jew failed the mission
great job white nationalism !
group behind has an ugly  hateful record and was founded by white nationalist john tanton .
have problems ? when did obama first spurn israel ?
he fears the white supremists taking his manhood
he's the lowest form of white there is .
hey how's pallin around with hate group leader / white supremacist ?
hey u pay ben ben u said that not enough money in israel to pay meso ben and kkk netanyahu away ad min
hey wants to join  as he / she is the perfect racist seems 2hate white people  be gms'new friend
how is die whites die not a hate crime ? oohhhh wait ya i forgot ... it's not racist to call for the dearth of white people
hunter  we're all nazis on some level when it comes to defending our family and heritage . some of us just don't realize it yet .
i agree  sjw deserve all the derision they get and more  also like to poke the alt right crowd
i am a moderate white supremacist the only continents that need to be white are europe & n america  afri
i couldnt care less about pre-history . the white race - mine - is the most advanced people ever to walk the earth
i don't see anyone calling for genocides except against police and white people
i dont know what white sharia is . anyway  its not a male / female thing is patently false . i know the decay of the west isnt solely because of womens suffrage  but it has played a part . just look at the gender
i dont think so .. more blacks than whites by tons . easier for everyone they relocate  less blood
i have never understood why people thing homosexuality is something to celebrate . it is not . it is aber
i howl at all the white doing the die in in ferg.they think they not bigots .
i love and understand black people but i wont global white ethno-state .
i think it is called jewish supremacy ! #jewishprivilege #future
i think your position is clear  so-called fair is more like isolationist bordering on white superiority
i thought you were jewish - not white .
i wish to god i could live in a white ethno state . imagine how peaceful and friendly it would be .
i wonder if this is related to the hordes of imported third worlders . that couldn't be  the jewish elites told us they'd contribute to a stronger  wealthier  more tolerant society and definitely not cause massive social and economic problems .
i'm well past the point of no longer considering these people human .
if a klan couple get divorced  are they still legally brother and sister ?
if a politician won't say outright he is for the white race  its because he isn't ! vote right / vote white !
if defending white heritage is hate to jewish groups  then lets call jewish organizations hate groups
if it is so sad why you jews want it for pple of white race ?
if lauren is ' new ' southern  then grace before race yields the gift that white could keep on racing .
if marry 4 and produce dozens  i too will be disadvantaged mr .. even to feed themif u have any intellect sir pl voice for ucc
if people don't realize antifa is violent they're blind
if you are white in that state watch yourself !
if you skip class to protest trump you might be a college dropout soon anyway !
integration / assimilation will eventually lead to white extinction .
intrude lol ? you only believe black lives matter when they are killed by cops or whites . when thugs shoot little kids crickets !
is dividing our country . what were small groups of hate ( kkk / neonazis  etc . ) now have droves of crazies flocking to them . well done dnc
islam is not of this time and must be forbidden for neing against humanity .
it is not that bad there . you are just a snob punk . i would rather be with the poorest honest white tha
it was a night that millions of people didn't watch too because we don't share the same culture
it wasnt white supremacists tariq  it was desegregation . you need to get #jwoke
it won't be long before ( name your liberal group here ) all won wwii for america . those white guys carried the water and bullets .
it's about memeing everyone into accepting america as white supremacist
it's met with hate because white people like me have a mixed race family  friends of every color and religion . that's my tribe . feel bad 4 u
it's possible that he didn't actually have refugee status  of course - legacy media got most everything else wrong
it's should also be noted that the vast majority of those who kill whites are white asian on asian latino on latino american on american #proximity
its about erasing white people
jews are white nationalists now . who knew ?
jews flood white lands with nonwhites while openly calling for white genocide . they even try and silence people who speak out against it .
jihad mass murder of indigenous people of america by white race ? .. jihad = manifest destiny ..
judeo-mason stratagem : 1 ) establish a democracy 2 ) create a central bank 3 ) seize control of mass media 4 ) destroy racial / cultural identity
just looking at them one can see antifa recruits from the bottom of the barrel.they will be easy to dispose of later .
just pointing out that is white
keep it up . another one of your good ol white boys will break another record .
liberal scientists developing methods to make white people less resistant to non-white invasion #swrm #whitegenocide
liberal white people forgot they are white . tearing their own race down is how they roll .
lol this isnt even your country . search your heritage  go back there .
long finally got to the point of ( neo marxist ) er jews unrelenting demonization of the white race
look where your white terrorist brother doing ?
looks like it was a big weekend worldwide for muslim terrorist crimes . as usual the world turns a blind eye to these people .
looks like your civil rights were violated hopefully people will get woke from this an
lots of white folks losing their illusions about the race #ferguson
mexico's president is the racist sending the mountain people to us ever seen a tall white skinned mexican jumping the fence
more proof : multiculturalism is a codeword for ethnic cleansing of native whites .
mostly white clinics are called pregnancy clinics . in other neighborhoods  clinics are called abortion clinics .
my opinion is amnesty will be the end of white america . and the god emperor himself will have killed it .
my white guardians would never again with white people like you because their relationship with christ .
my world orbits around whites  as it should . laughable moment though .
new york times paul krugman gloats over demise of white america via
no it is a hate crime except that we acknowledge it and u white wash the evil islam is
no she is asking covertly for antifa to show up to polling stations & intimidate whitey . the white supremacy straw man is a front .
no way are you prepared  have you got : - a lame insignia on a shield-kkkhakis - white power polo-poly
no you are white supremacist #liberallogic
not generally . in some states  1/2 of black people live on foodstamps . if that suddenly came to an end  it would be madness #nra
now their consumed with wildfire maybe the illegals will help put it out .
now those are some haircuts you can bring about a white ethno-state with ! great job guys !
obama would rather call christians bigots and cops racist before he calls muslims terrorists !
oh white liberals call me a white supremacist simply because i support trump and conservatism . the black democrats are upset because you
ok . so the majority of white rape victims have a white perp .
ot god says jews r my chosen allah says last days trees cry muslim a jew is hiding behind me come kill him ?
pence getting the vp nod is all about winning in the cuck belt because trump isn't going to win colorado or nevada
pl . rt and trend permanently #giveupislam
please move far away to a small  racist  white island and leave the melting pot alone
pretty sure he might be in the closet ! ! come on out buddy !
pro-antifa = anti white : a new meme .
protect us from heterosexual white men .
purging americas white male heroes via
race baiting isn't a thing . and you're standing with a trump a known white supremacist . you're complicit in the oppression of black ppl
radical white supremacy is the way forward .
real racist are black full of hypocrisy
really ? but  its okay that your statement propagandizes white people ? you accused white supremacists of creating laws that will harm all of black society.doesnt that assume congress is primarily a bunch of white supremacists ? you would never think such racist thoughts
recruiting for jihad in a place of worship ? shocking !
report : illegals eligible for $ 1.3 trillion in retirement benefits ? ! via #noamnesty #immigration
robert spencer in pj lifestyle : 5 ways the islamic war on free speech advanced last week
santa claus is white and belongs to white people ! #nationalsocialism #nationalism
secular vultures & hyenas feeding on the dead bodies of indian policemen & soldiers in the name of #secularism #socialism #marxism #leninism
so it is white not right . ricky ? if is . white not right . say it . white . not right . white .
so there is a pro-white and anti-white side . i choose pro .
so when white terrorists attack all white people are evil ?
so you're saying we should cuck on the marxist false ideal of equality ? you don't
somali tied to jihadists worked with two un agencies : and why not ? what does the un do these days but play t ...
stop the white genocide in south africa ! ( video ) via #flegs #tweetni
such a white stereotypical thing to say .
sweden : arab immigrant beats indigenous boy because of his blue eyes | read more : via
terrorism's goal is to change your attitudes & behaviors on : islam  stars-n-bars  white race  christians  & conservatives .
thank god not everyone on the alt-right is like you .
thank god there are still strong white men like that don't #cuck like the #altlight #newright
that negates the global system of white supremacy ?
the ' patriots ' ? it wasn't even antifa ? sorry been busy today  missed the live stream .
the african dream is a chance to move to america or europe to live under white privilege / civilization
the albino asians are alt-right .
the little one is a white supremacist .
the lives of identity europa movement do not matter . indeed they are a burden to those of us who did not abdicate our humanity .
the only difference between and the is the bedsheets and pointy hats #icantbreathe
the only problem has with the kkk is that they are white :
the only race the media disparages is the white race . they would never say this about any other race  therefore they are anti-white .
the revenge of rural white america via
the saudi's are funding mosque buildings all over the world - britain is being overrun with them .
the secret life of a hateful homophobic activist . #lgbt #queer #hate
the white #workingclass built this nation : #news #wpww #whitepride
the white genocide continues : white race now minority in london via
the white race has blessed the world with modern tech  medicine  constitutional govts and the bible .
their moral code only applies to white people . whether they know it or not they are anti-white . they somehow don't notice their own double standard .
these people should find it hateful and offensive to behead & honor kill . not you exposing those who behead & honor kill .
these rallies are just a spectacle to make pro whites look like crackpots . seriously  you a shill / agent provocateur ?
they also founded america as a white country  and would stand with th
they are implicit in this and won't even acknowledge it for what it is : an anti-white hate crime
they hate america because we are the antithesis of islam ..
they only exist in your head . you all are actively calling for violence against non whites .
think he's been eating white people .
this boomer became an active white racist in 1968  wallace campaign  nsrp and finally nswpp  now new order so -
this is why people have to come all the way from south china to teach africans how to mine in their own countries
this whole antifa is run by jews is more of the same white su
trump adviser says he will ban muslim brotherhood and its offshoots cair  isna via
uh ... wait a minute . america was defined by white racial identity until the 1960s
um  black people don't elect to needlessly pursue risky behavior that can result in death ?
via : pressure on obama grows to declare war against christians a genocide #tcot
waffen-ss reenactor t-shirt from the white resister | read more : via
watch live : to discuss bathroom bill w / anti - #lgbt hate group at noon cst today #txlege #lgbt
we hate white people #liberalismin4words
we should validate the left's comments of america's white nationalist history and offer them praise .
we're going to have to raise the white consciousness of the #morcucks .
welfare fraud proves jews benefit from white privilege the forward
weren't * u people are really something . u think everything happens in a vacuum when whites have been under attack for a long time .
what about all the blacks that kill other blacks on a daily basis ? shouldn't you be outraged over that ?
what abt white slavery and child traffiking ...
what is wrong with cook ? all of human history is war and conquest . white people are simply th
where ? show me examples of white on white crime in republican controlled cities that resemble chicago  baltimore and detroit ? ?
where's ' jewish council ' aka statement on mb spiritual leader qaradawi edict to ummah :
where's balanced immigration ? we gonna allow male isis invasion europe is having ? ! america won't be the liberal bastion of freedom anymore .
while the left portrays conservatives as terrorists who mow down people in trucks  islamic terrorists are actually doing that .
white america it's election time get blunt racist a minute 2 cubans ! or trump . we had a mormon
white civilization is in decline . #wakeup #whitepeople
white lion rising
white lives matter business card looks most excellent and worth ordering from the new order in milwaukee wi . usa
white men can sleep with other races but should marry within their own race . white women should remain virgins until their wedding night and should only be with white men .
white people are the only people hate crime laws are suppose to apply to . any hate crime committed by any other race likely had jewish victims . only way for them to make the list .
white people built great societies where no non-whites were involved . europe was 100 % white for millennia . white nationalism works .
white people don't burn down cities when they demonstrate . you're thinking of blm .
white people hate divesity but yet still go to non-white countries / continents . #dumblogic #hypocrites
white power
white power ! 88
white privilege though .
white south africans trapped like frogs in boiling water as anti-white racial violence escalates #swrm #antiwhite
whites are safe from black violence when segregation is the rule of law . si
who knew nazis were humane ? rt during the cold of winter  please do not leave your pet outside overnight #compassion #decency #humane
why #religionofpeace kill muslims ...
why shouldn't we be out in force and messaging on the scene immediately after each and every attack on our people by non whites ?
winston churchill  the biggest anti-nazi of the time  wanted to keep britain white . most of the allies were white nationalists .
would a white ethnic state make degeneracy a citizen test for admission ?
wow  welcome to the club-i guess . sad that any divergence from a certain groups view and you're automatically a white supremacist racist
wrong . christians are supposed to engage with their pagan ( folk ways ) if they do not contradict christ . so christmas with the trees and lights  etc is a very european tradition .
yea white rich people or racists
yes  honestly non white immigration is a threat to destroy the west b / c it will forever change the culture and way of life westerners enjoy .
yes and he looks white to me  those white rabbits are just out and out racists .
yes congress method is to loot  embezzle  perpetuate-poverty  harm hindus  promote xtianity  appease muslims .
you better get right back on that liberal plantation or you are a traitor to your race . kidding . gawd  i hate these lefties .
you can't be pro white and pro jew  jews will hate you . but you can be pro jew and anti white and jews will adore you !
you hate like a jew . you are fixated on hating white christians like a jew .
you mean #amerikkka is back . devils making amerikkka white again #mawa
you sound like a lefty . trash is trash  even if they're white . we're not all equal .
you're the kinda of slave mind white nationalist need . next they hang you .
you're the one saying white lives don't matter . that actually makes you the racist
your attacks on true fascism are anti-white  hunter .
your can spend more time in jail for hate speach if your are a white swede than for rape if your a muslim invader .
your children will pay for your apathy . i mean every non white country on earth must be ignorant then right ?
your civility in your posts is inspiring . geller is racist ? what race is jihad terror agnst innocent civilians ?
  " defeat " " is the wrong word to use . the bible / quran to some extent is the means to stand up to the jews . "
  " pseudo-intellectualism " " . can you refute a single point from one of their speeches ? also  anti-racist is a code word for anti-white . "
  " we're white  alt right  get used to it ! " " #redicelive "
 1 . ) semantics . i'll change my wording to  " whites lost power " " 2 . ) why is constantinople called istanbul now ? 3 . ) this is literally just a lie "
 : estonian politician :  " i don't want blacks in estonia ; this is a white country " " "
 also  using a lower case  " white " " might make you look less white surpremacycy . <-- is that even right ? "
 an author of many anti-white books : who organizes the  " white privilege conference " " ? a #jew  of course . ; "
 and what are  " white interests " " . enumerate them . ( i am probably not " " interested " " in them . ) "
 anyhow  the bottom line is that we r all  " soldiers " " on the internet  fight for white rights & white freedom . "
 deadly syllables > mc / mc-cas-kill : loon who enjoys her  " love pat for the day from the tsa ; ; kill : ill-egals thrive & kill in cities "
 depends who is doing the  " colonizing . " " many nations in africa flourished under european colonization . "
 flashback : gov . mark dayton tells  " deplorables " " to " " find another state " " via #cuckservative #terrorism "
 how to spot a  " racist " " #whitegenocide "
 i've been telling people  " overwhelming diversity can / will undermine social cohesion " " "
 is goal 1 / trying to ignore race  or 2 / trying to disempower the  " white privilege " " class 3 / cultural marxism ? ? ? "
 jews hate christians even more than  " just " " white people  so i know i'm doing something right by claimin "
 more  " white " " guilt - thanks jews ! #whiteprivilege #corruptmedia #trump #moors #ottomans #slavery "
 most jews i know look  act & think rather  " white " " "
 no one but stupid white conservatives in america buys into the  " colorblind " " individual game "
 not   " i hope everyone is ok . " " but " " i really hope he's white . " " "
 really disgusting the way white supremacist think tanks normalize racist immigration policies as  " modern " " and " " working for america " " "
 rt  " : stop the white genocide in south africa ! ( video ) via " " "
 rt  " our country was advancing in its high regard for women  leaving the barbaric days of back-alley abortions . " " "
 rt : how do you reconcile your view with the koran commanding  " kill the "
 rt antiwhites expose their hatred of white kids after seeing this picture . white child =  " white supremacy " " "
 rt every few years  the left invents a new - ism or - phobia  and it is adopted as  " morality " " by #truconservatives "
 rt jewish money flooding presidential campaign . lindsey graham jokes he will have  " all-jewish cabinet . " " "
 rt moinuddin chisti  the sufi  " saint " " poisoned the lake in ajmer  to bring hindus down to their knees & " " embrace " " islam "
 rt quran commands warimam in britain says war is comingliberals demand more muslimsdemocrats are the  " stupid party " " "
 rt the  " intolerant " " hindus r happiest ? "
 rt the pro-amnesty groups behind  " conservative " " #immigration event #noamnesty "
 screaming  " hate " " when people make basic factual statements about jews and their influence isn't effective "
 tea party is  " a bunch of white crackers " " #waronwhites "
 thank you . milo's outlived any purpose he * supposedly * served as an  " alt-right gateway . " " now he's just a classic lib degenerate . "
 they also said  " white lives matter " " . only anti-white bigots could oppose these messages . "
 this has always been the jews ' downfall throughout history . they not only go too far  but they say ' yeah  we're doing it  " "
 try thinking of some of our ideas & replace jews do .. w  " " white males " " shouldn't & think .. "
 white martyr christopher cantwell has new bail yanked away for  " dangerous hate speech " " via "
 will  quick question : if a black guy decapitates a white guy bc the color of his race will your headline say a )  " reparations " " or b ) " " we need to do more to listen the oppressed communities " " ? "
#christmas party for white unity in #southcarolina ! all normal white people and families invited !
#drought in #california is not caused by #toomanypeople . pr14 : 34 says sin is the problem . #repentnpray for rain
#hannahcornelius - why not come home to #europe  whites will never be welcome in #southafrica
#hatecrime if whites did that to #blacklivesmatterfederal govt would spend millions $ investigating via #doj &
#whitegenocide = white revolution is the only solution #standupwhiteman #14words
& are anti-white racists . fomenting violence against white americans .
. he himself said he has suspicions of maajid being an islamic supremacist .. were u not listening ?
. help biafrans get freedom and independence . please save biafrans from murderous nigeria terrorists
. hung black men are a symbol of white supremacy too  can we get rid of them as well ?
. on #periscope : the cuckturians assaulting white nationalists : the latest
. why ? muslims can't be white ? what race is the jihad massacre of innocent civilians again ? i keep forgetting .
... up to you . but if you really think that you or your children will live to see an ' all white ' america  you will be sadly disappointed .
15 year old white danish girl blinded by african muslims in racially motivated hate crime d more : via
15 yo white danish girl blinded by african muslims in racially motivated hate crime | read more : via
20 invader centers burned in germany #whitegenocide #merkelmussweg #refugeeswelcome #trump
4396 white murderers  5375 black murderers . all the while blacks are 13 % of the country's population .
60 % of america is white which also includes jews and terrorists
7 / in a thousand years  european monarchs didn't assert the power of our federal judges to privilege aliens and redefine marriage
: #whitegenocide means a future with no more white children in formerly white countries .
: 9 year old white boy commits suicide after being tormented for months by racist arabs disgusting ! ! !
: have you not noticed that normal americans ( whites ) are turning off the news in droves ? nfl ratings  hollywoo
: lots of white baby daddies these days...white/state media very reluc
: more proof : diversity is a codeword for ethnic cleansing of white people
: no country for minority white children : racist attacks by violent non-whites rising in america
: white genocide as business : starbucks promoting race mixing for white women ( video )
: whites are unfortunately the least #racist people ... margaret mutu says she can't be racist  because she is not white ...
: you jihad enablers are so filled with hate  it oozes out of your
a future for white kids .
a non white pretending to care about a white ethnostate for sake of argument !
about time white people of the midwest . rise and join us .
afrikaners establish exclusive all-white community in orania  south africa via
ah can't have criticism of black people at any price ?
all goals should be discussed.small and big.baked cucked ! he fears being called racist over white rig
all the ideas conservatives proclaim to love - are white ideas . but yet they abhor anything white .
all whites must unite and stand strong  it's about time . get off your knees white man and white woman ! !
also  what makes mn illegals special is that they hate you and hate america . but you insist on paying for them .
also we want people to integrante and for white people to not become a persecuted minority  because wha
alternate title : dead jew generates monetary gains for living jew
altrighters are already moving there . without legislation to force integration  all white / black areas are inevitable .
america cannot be a country that is for white interests with non-whites here . logical
america was founded by white people  you do realize that  right ?
and let's in only rich white immigrants  keeping out the undesirable  non-white poor which is its ultimate goal .
and on the same day a bunch of over paid black athletes protest whitey's oppression . white guilt is rea
and was 96 % white just a generation ago
anonymous hackers or the jewnited states government ? makes me wonder ! #mossad #talmud #usury #frauds #opkkk #jews
another muslim in the white house
another step in the new world order ! #brexit #merkel #zog #punk
anp activists have distributed many thousands of leaflets over the past couple months  let's get some stickers out there now ! great job all
anti-racist activist raped by non-white illegal immigrant after attending anti-racism festival va
anti-racist activist raped by non-white immigrant after attending anti-racism festival read more : via
arguing with white ignorant who thinks white mass murderer can not be terrorist is just waste of time .
because the media is part of the group who r weaponizing radical islam 2 kill western culture ( white christians )
because they hate us ? because they can't have one ? because black is beautiful  tan is grand  but white is the color of the big boss man ?
black atheist republican - explains why he now believes the white race is intellectually superior .
black vs white crime  larry elder
blacks  rainbow confederates  and the heritage : dixie connie chastain writes : interesting thing there are ...
blacks are 49 times more likely to assault a white than a white is to assault a black . whites need to separate to protect their families
blacks have the best party time in white countries - welfare fattened  selling their culture  impregnating white women !
but islamic cultures want to kill the jews too ...
can't get it at the ballot box as long as non whites can vote and outvote us . other means will be needed 4 that !
cuck island : eyewitnesses report that armed police ran away from moslem terrorists via
define immigrant . legal or illegal ? people tend blur the distinction  but the difference is black and white ! ( not being racist here )
detroit : the death of white civilisation #swrm via
didn't a white guy recently kill loads of white people recently  it was fairly big news
didnt blue lives matter just a second ago ? oh thats right  cops kill white people for no reason too sometimes . youd think you just found this out ? or are you all just bigots ?
don't go to #atlanta article and commentary about the dying white race . victims of slow #genocide
europe is being flooded with africas and muslims atm by globalists supported by european antifa . you are what you hate so much
europe is in a state of silent  undeclared war against its own indigenous #whitepeople . wake up white people !
even europe has sold out interests of white people  i feel bad because white people have contributed to science & modernity
even when the criminals are white their black
evening read : deportable alien with priors kills cyclist during tragic dui in kentucky
fair has ties to white supremacists group . just reading their literature you can see how racist they are .
fair immigration is a branded hate group run by a racist with white supremacist members . supported by company big into eugenics .
fake news media says trump supporters are racist with no proof  yet no outrage over liberal communist professors calling for white genocide !
ffs  moses wasn't a white guy . #boycottexodusmovie #systemicracism #whitewashing
for #worldrefugeeday how about we help the white south africans and save them from the brutality they've been enduring for years now ?
for cucks sake ! #cuckservative #nrorevolt #goyible
forget this white nationalist mess . i'm america first . so is our great potus and true patriots . color has nothing to do with being a nationalist libnuts ! if you don't want a strong america  why are you in america ?
freeloading on white taxpayers . rt : the kenyan ( cont )
from wide-eyed liberal to race realist - american renaissance via thanks
gay is normal to sick liberals trans gay marriage all normal we're attacked by evil muslims that want to kill all of us & to liberals
good for them . i hope this wakes more white people up .
good to know that is 100 percent #altright . #hailloomer !
google it the founder is an ex-felon and the org is for whites only . be sure to bring your ancestry dna test to the meeting
guaranteed he's white from the waist down
happen in america ... unless a majority of white people are muslims we dont have anything to fear
hate group ? u want 2 know hate read quran  the hand book of hate
he wasn't a black thug killed by a white cop so no news here !
head of cambridge university equality group says all white people are racist #swrm #racist #black
here we see the marxist use his divide and conquer method . he's trying to dis-unify whites . easier to prey on whites that way .
hi  i'm white and hung like the statues in your posters . can i join your group please ?
hold on  i got an even better one > 14 words my man . we got to secure the existence of our people and a future for white children > just not with those people . they're fat  low class . we're a better sort of racist than white trash > who are we ? a bunch of boomers ?
homosexuality  gun grabbing  and fake nationalism is not cool .
how dare explicitly pro-white folks think they have the right of assembly ! anti-racist is a code word for #antiwhite .
huffpo is just plain old anti-white & pro white genocide . #whitegenocide
i already responded your low iq tweet .
i am already national socialist and we need to rebuild our movement against zionism in the world .. to free the white race !
i am part of white america
i am sure he hasnt just another lie on the road to the white house to destroy america . if they came here illigslly they need to leave now that is fair to americansnn
i asked a simple question . black conservative church going families do not hate whites or they are attending the wrong church . you just spew division and hate ! feel sorry for you ! clueless !
i don't hate anyone i just hate systemic white supremacy .
i don't like how everyone started sounding like blm over that shooting recently . i don't care if people have an issue with the cops  but projecting that into a situation that would have been open and shut if it were a black  has just been painful to watch . just my hot take .
i know i'm white  will look out for the other whites  will do what i can to help . i produced 2 white children that will soon reproduce more white children .
i more and more think is right . black and white can't live together . we should just find some way peacefully to separate .
i take pro-white perspective . thats where the battle lines are now drawn . you guys wanna re
i then remember that my retort was that jewish power and control was our biggest issue.guess who was right ?
i want a hold on all immigration even from european countries .
if this happens in dixie  they may get what they want . an antifa shot dead  so they can condemn the who
if you want to get better join the aryan race
in this leftwing  white hating world  telling the truth is no defence apparently  maybe they are right .
in your opinion they're racists . you just say that because they're white . anti-racist = a code word 4 anti-white .
is ramzan a month in which muslims won't kill and kill all other months ? ? hilarious ! !
islamists recruit refugees arriving in germany security agency #syrianrefugees #germany #islamicstate
it appears antifa won't come out without masks so they have moved on to vandalism .
it are the two hangmen of the white people .
it is correct . conservatism is not and neither has it ever been anything more than enlightmen larping
it may seem unbelievable to whites in america  but there is an anti-white plan underway to replace them . look locally ; its everywhere .
it took 160 years  but only now is the conquest of the south being finalized .
it's amazing how whites advocating for their own people offends others so much . they can't help but reveal their anti-white racism when confronted with the fact that the white race has the right to exist .
it's as if sexual abuse follows perkins around .
it's okay they can call him a black white supremacist . so it does get blamed on white people !
it's the white man's fault #saysomethingliberalin4words
it's true ! we didn't invigorate the working white class  just every other class and race haha
ivy league rich whites rule the democratic party for much longer .
jackin it to the statue of david to uhhh save the white race
jews aren't white .
jews never could fool me ~ i've been exposing jewish deceptions what not in cyberspace
jobs black people hate :
john pelham : wyoming  the white zion #swrm via
larpers take heed : #unitetheright is the only way to wake up from our multicultural nightmare via
libertarianism has become an ideology that appeals only to white men who hate white men .
libtards and dumbocrats ... wow . did it take a really long time and great deliberation to come up with
lie . do you trust msm and hrc ? alt-right is all races / groups  pro-america  exposes liars .
liverpool jews very unhappy about upcoming white man march via
majority of american citizens want the wall  and immigration laws enforced . it's been said again and again . let trump keep his promise .
minorities as minions for white liberals via
more proof : diversity is a code word for white genocide | read more : via
moscow bans george soros funds as threat to security via #withjewswelose
muh traditionalism includes going to gay weddings #cuckservative
murdering thugs were black he is white so no news or hate crime here . such godless hypocrisy !
muslims won't be a majority in 2050  but not in much else .
na see  like  those are fake  the white man changed it to look like them and sheeit  we wuz statues and sheeeiiit  naw mean
new black panther leader : kill white babies by bombing nurseries #wr
new plans for rebuilding prora  the large hitler-era vacation resort #swrm via
no  i'm white so that makes me racist . it makes you an uncle tom ! just ask any libdemtard !
no one cares if the white race disappears off the face of the earth  so why should we care about anybody ?
non-white candidate for london mayor : there are too many white men | read more :
nonsense ! they think trudeau is a white supremacist too .
nowhere is it explained why xenophobia and white self preservation are anything other than positives for america
obama white southerners don't hate you because you're black they despise you because you are anti american
oh yeah while some alt-right cuck says ' staahpp  we supp
omg the royals have been brainwashed . happened once they denied their christian beliefs . every person ever alive can fit into tx w / space
only a cesspool for the white folks for whom equality means white genocide .
only in america can a muslim bonnie and clyde terrorist team kill and the white man gets blamed for it .
orban : hungary is a refuge for white europeans via
over 50 % of black people pay nothing in federal income taxes . the rest pay almost nothing in income taxes .
part of your white heritage is being ruled by jews  that not part of asian heritage .
people should move to more diverse continents like africa ( 98 % black ) . they are so much better with human rights !
protest obama at the white house in washington d . c . brainwashing white people and controlling us on how to live
putin discusses the impending genocide of the white race
racist attacks on white dutch people by mobs of muslim immigrants continue .. via < anger rising #14w
russia is the new boogieman because they are financial threat pulling petrodollars away . immigration and white hate will be end of west .
same tired anti-white rhetoric.some of our people have been so brain washed into denigrating their own race .
see your point but she wasn't killed by a white policeman so bye laquesha . we have the statues and have to attack dolly parton too white .
serbian parliament gives jews $ 1 million per year for holocaust restitution #withjewswelose
shri is hindu minded and he will take right action  some in bjp are useless no doubt .
sign the petition ! dont let #antifa get away with their terrorism !
slavery made barbados the most successful black country . colonialism made south africa the most successful in africa
so like 17 % of all white people if you take this seriously b / c only white americans would vote yes
so proud of my girls ! i've always argued feminist victimhood tactics are one of the good kinds of identity politics .
some thoughts : 1 ) here is the issue : as pro-white activists  we need to be serving the average white person more directly . there needs to be a volunteer organization with the sole intent of helping white people in economic problems . think of it like a salvation army for whites
spencer ! are you being racist again ? and not at a race ? how do you do it ? jihad = peace .
start breeding or else white genocide accelerates in france : 1 in 3 newborns are non-white via
such #racism goy  there is only ( ( ( shared human heritage ) ) ) rt : uc merced  ca . its it's habbening .
that will happen . the alt-right nationalist vibe is strong . and growing stronger . soldier on to victory .
the dems are trying to re-write history & claim the high ground . true american ideals are equal and color blind .
the end of a myth : most new serial killers in america are not white males | more : via
the last stand of implicit white identity .
the united states is the single biggest threat to the white race  in north america and abroad  that exists today . being a white nationalist and an american nationalist are mutually exclusive . death to america !
the united states of america as we know it was created by white people . historically  immigration was primarily from europe
then what do you want ? i want to be able to live on the south side ... but black crime dissuades that . #chicago
then you pay for illegals free services too . fair enough ?
there are muslims who do not want to see sharia or jihad against the infidel in ameri
there people cost us  the tax payer  $ 130 million a yr mininum . this will open wider the border !
they are not the future . ( ( ( paul krugman ) ) ) gloats over demise of white america
they are the only racial group that are still cannibals even people just related like many islanders eat people
they have little to no intention of securing the borders . they want their cheap labor and future voters .
they need to lead the army in there and arrest anyone with gang tats  clothes  illegal fir
they owe us . not  we owe them . amnesty legislation should include : not on govt.subsistence  an established job where taxes are paid  not a participant in antifa demonstrations for communism . speak english .
they realized that it is easier to co-exist with the white super race and live off their wealth ! ! !
thins stuff has to stop  if you're truly serious about stopping anti white hate crime join #whitehonor #betawards #venezuela
this is antifa . zog will take anyone to fight for greater israel
tim wise is not white  he is jewish .
time to start a serious discussion on disarming black people and reviving insane asylums .
two articles in the this month called for removal of white history.both were written by jews and
u fail to realize that there is terror in every religion  every extremist group  muslim or non muslim . but ur focus is on one
unarmed white woman killed by police  where was her white privilege ?
video : muslim speaker in canada calls for full implementation of islam  says migrant influx helps build caliphate
wait until trump allows increases in syrian refugees due to war . bill will consider it an even greater moment of leadership .
was this meant to highlight white liberals ironic distaste for being anywhere near nonwhites ? or was it about the horrific white birthrate ?
we need to start enforce our laws . removing illegals and getting control of our visa's .
well  there's nothing more stupid than a white anti-white .
well  there's your prob.you ' ve mistaken ordinary white americans for filthy white trash.most can distinguish the difference .
well  white people are all alike  so it should be an easy read .
well if this zoe person is a part of then i'm afraid that creates a problem for me . i do no deal with liberals .
were the duggars proposing religious freedom to molest act ? exec order from jindal coming ?
what data ? the race-baiting rants of paranoid white guys ? if you're superior you should have no problem surviving in a mixed world right ?
what does this have to do w white supremacy ? id b horribly ashamed of any children that were racist
what race is jihad mass murder again ? #savage you are true racist scum of the lowest gutter .
what will happen when they lose all white money ? they would be living in mudhuts with no white money ! all bs talk cause they need white cash
what you fail to understand is whites are a global minority . our countries are the ones being invaded  we are the ones being replaced . we have nowhere to go once these brown hordes turn our country into a complete dump .
what's good for the white race is what matters ! this event is good for our race regardless of nervous nellies !
when white children not trained to defend against non-white conquering hordes  its really about #whitegenocide
white ' conquest ' of what is now us has corroded natural environment & created most destr
white europeans are a great race and are recognized as being great around the world
white genocide accelerates in england : white british pupils will be outnumbered by 2037 #waronwhites
white identity politics does lift everyone . white race has been greatest good on the planet  race-wise .
white men increasingly less welcome world-wide including our slaughter . stop buying from companies that hate you .
white power brothers
white ppl are already a minority in the world ..
white presidents only .
white south africans trapped like frogs in boiling water anti-white racial violence escalates #swrm #whitegenocide
white supremacist society ? where ? whites are the most oppressed group in the us . #noguilt
who called u a racist ? let me @ em . u know i'm called a racist everyday.they don't see that i despise his white half also . luv ya my friend
who is behind mass third world immigration in sweden ?
why do you hate white people ?
why haven't you done anything to hillary for supporting blm . you guys are very stupid . hillary doing everything that is against u
why i don't care for the jews :
will in the first step to action . but you're right  strong action will be necessary to save europe for the white race .
wont matter  all poc know who mistreated them all these years . once we get majority influence whites will know what its like to be second class citizens
wow you guys put up more posters ! truly a major victory for the white race
ws irony.ur really an idiot porkistop burning hindus christian alive in pakistan
you are the personification of white guilt . you disgust me .
you can't be a jew and on the alt right . the alt right is woke to the jq
you cannot be pro white and still advocate for open borders and flooding white lands with lazy bludgers
you live in kirkland  wa . a white suburb of a white city in a white state . your own parishioners would never live there were it 75 % black  rather than 1.8 % . you decry segregation while living in a town priced so high that you're protected from ever worrying about black neighbors .
youre a very ignorant black person . i guess youll be happy when trump personally call you an n word
zionists want multi cultural europe and jewish only israel : via
zoe why are the muslims not being deported ?
zuckerberg's dream : the anti-white racist social network via the jew behind this rt
  " : " " : david duke : the racial murder and rape of white women in america via " " "
  " : kkk alive and well white brother hood unite ku klux klan " " if it aint white it aint right "
  " america's sheriffs ... very white sheriffs ... "
  " invaders " " ? since when are white people indigenous to north america ? "
  " preserving white majorities is anti-american " " "
  " the black / white experiment has failed " " #race #politics "
  " we must secure the existence of our race and a future for white children " " "
 #wakeup #america : boko haram leader :  " kill  kill  kill  kill  kill christians ! " " #ccot ##pjnet #jcot "
 all you've done is reaffirm your  " white elitist  " " proclamation . ie is nothing more than a hate group hellbent on promoting white supremacy . "
 estonian pm :  " i don't want blacks in estonia ; this is a white country " " via "
 european  " refugee " " crisis worsens #wakeupamerica #whitelivesmatter "
 founded  " for ourselves and our posterity . " " the idiotic idea that being christian means being for open borders is very new and only used to attack and undermine white countries . "
 i think  " certain people " " wanted a berkley in dc  but nobody cared about them . "
 i think white nationalism or pro-white is more clear than  " alt-right " " ... the vagueness of the ar label leads to what we see now "
 instead of  " hate the rich ! " " it's " " hate white men ! " " "
 no  a group of 20  " white lives matter " " violent bigots found a black man with a white woman and attacked them . "
 question : how's that  " iran number one sponsor of terrorism " " thing working for you  cucks ? via "
 rt  " leftist " " hate isn't really about trumphe's only a symbol ; for healthy white identitywar over whether whites are allowed to self advocate "
 rt  " we have the highest number of illegal aliens in custody in history ... " " #mexico #buildthewall #invasion #wpww "
 rt : #myjihad iranian jew murdered  investigators tell suspect :  " if you were involved in killing a jew  you did a good deed ... "
 rt : . stupid screed . jihad terror isn't a race .  " white " " jihadis as evil "
 rt : eyewitness tells bbc terrorist ran at people with knife shouting  " this is for allah " " . #londonbridge "
 rt a  " true conservative " " believes israel ought to stay jewish  but calls you a " " racist " " for saying america ought to stay white "
 rt and i will point it out here  when u call white people  " white supremacist " " just cause they disagree with you . it's like me calling you the " " n " " word . with no proof "
 rt for whatever reason  the  " race in your face " " left is rabid ant-white . the white libs are the worst . explain that . professors / media / $ oros ? "
 rt must read :  " illegal alien " " : the proper terminology "
 rt the life of the prophet is valid as a law for every muslim  how many thousands of innocents did he slaughtered during his  " holy " " life ? "
 rt uk convert to #islam  " i can't love my mum because she's not muslim " " #islamophobia #tcot #antimuslim "
 rt will #whitepeople now sit back and  " let donald do it " " instead of being inspired by the changing political climate ? "
 rubio supporters voted cruz & the  " trump hates israel " " quotient was like ron paul years . ron paul deserves blame ; stayed home "
 says the guy following around a bunch of other white dudes screaming  " muh race ! " " this is not "
 species isn't just the  " white people " " . you mean " " race " " right ? idiocy . "
 the queen mom couldn't & didn't fathom there could ever come into being such an entity as a  " black hitler " " . "
 the typical  " hate the sinner  love to hate " " mentality of the anti-gay religious right ... "
 the word  " racist " " is a virus for the white mind . we found the antidote . it is referred to as the truth . "
 we also know that intelligence is mostly hereditary and the rest is environmental . but bad environments are sure to be provided to children by stupid parents . that's partly what we mean when we say  " invite the 3rd world  become the 3rd world " " . "
 went to nordstrom yesterday and they had a big rainbow banner with the word  " pride " " on the door but we both know the rainbow = whitegenocide "
#algorithm white power !
#bible = do not kill ( fullstop ) . #islam = do not kill the #unjustly ( ? )
#bodypartsmatter to us but not to obama blessing planned parenthood & defends muslims - illegals who kill kill every minute
#dummycrats new white supremecist ... #toostupid
#feelthebern sanders supporters . you're a white male - your views don't count . wall street + sjw rhetoric = new left
' acting white ' remains a barrier for black education
- mosloms call us racist  i am starting to think they should be classified that way  as a race  not a religion .
... emotional condemnations of women  gays  jews  nonwhites  and any other people incapable of creating civilization .
2018 : im white 2019 : im white and im not apologizing 2020 : we are white and not sorry
211000 invaders arrive in germany in 2016
33 % mps have criminal records  82 % are myjihad islam muslims #arvindjailed leaving for delhi
50 shot in chicago over the weekend including a 81 year old grandma . this demokkkrat war zone needs the national guard there now !
9 year old white boy commits suicide after being tormented for months by racist arabs przez
: accused carjacker to witness : i only rob white people
: i have seen immense hate coming from a lot of the lgbt community . let's please designate these people
: irs outreach tries to get illegal immigrants to file #afire #teaparty #p2
: moderate islam is like being almost pregnant .
: rankin and madison counties are the recipients of white flight from hinds county .. they are the place
: the extermination of the white race : the facts about britain and non-white immigration
: what is good for the white race is the ultimate good .
> white people don't exist > white people stole all our sheeitchoose only one .
a hindu in america with a job is a white man without a job . you see what i'm getting at ? as a white man that bothers me
america hates you kkkliven bundy gun humpers :) keep making the wrinkly white wing of gop trailer trash whiter & wrinklier
america won't . muslim who hate's christian's in the white house . he won't fight in arab land  we will have to fight at home .
and in the process inciting anti-white violence - splc is an anti-white hate group
and they don't restrict the raping to their own women  no no . they rape thousands of white girls every year . white men rape < 10 black women .
and white people do not need black people for anything at all you need us we don't need you
anti-racist activist raped by non-white illegal immigrant after anti-racism festival | read more : via
anti-racist activist raped by non-white illegal immigrant after attending anti-racism festival | read more :
antifa & other commies will be there  of course . if cops standdown like #charlottesville  mi
antifa are isis without the bomb vests
anyone who doesnt agree with liberal agenda is racist . so i guess your a racist  you dont agree with me . #noamnesty
are all the people in your little party just a bunch of white trash icp fans ?
are u denying the average black iq around the planet is 85 ? btw are u black ?
are women incapable of taking care of their own bodies ?
as white america is perpetually under assault  the numbers may change .
bangladesh : muslims attack hare krishna temple  assault devotees #islam #islamophobia #tcot
beautiful white nationalism .
because christ is an existential threat to their traditions of men .
black leaders advocating genocide of white devils ; dhs official booted for advocating white genocide
black people fracture the skull of a white guy .. via
blood joining . sort of like america if you think about it . most lodges are white  intentionally white
britain sees race war brewing between non-white invaders via
but an ethnically mexican judge carrying out a tribal agenda in the national council of la raza is true conservatism
but white people wont be rioting . just saying .
but you keep the jew as whites to help bolster your per capita numbers ... not once have you complained about jews being listed white
but your senators  paid by israel and wall street  prefer to harm the christian people rather than defe
ca is the worst state in infrastructure spending  yet pushes to spend $ $ $ on services for illegal immigrants . #immigration
calm down you quivering enthnomasochist . some people love being white .
chin up . we'll all soon be compelled to accept everybody is a racist ( the right thing ) when gene editing / life extension science is commercialized + competition for white / asian dna makes it irrefutably clear the negroid dna has no commercial value : ~ 100 yr extinction event
christian are worshipping a god that commanded people to kill gay and apostate ! !
cuckservatives are just as bad as antifa terrorists .
cut immigration by at least 75 % ! raise does not do enough !
democrats must brown america to enable electoral domination as white americans grow conservative building family & career .
did you know 98 % of farmers in america are white ? if it wasn't for white people  you wouldn't even be on twitter right now .
do they never condone the actions jihads do based on quran i just don't get it
doesn't having white friends usually clear blacks of hate crime charges ?
don't quit tex ! we are all gonna get swole and save the white race together
eating beef regularly and torturing innocent hindus  looting deir property has made these ppl demonic in nature
every india lover must boycott these pigs movies
excellent . we need our own adl yo track anti-white hate . then an aipac to pool funds to give to smaller orgs for white scholarships etc .
fact : 90 % of all interracial crime in usa is black on white | read more : via
fixation of jewish ppl as cause is just like when sjw blame white race 4 all harm
former black ou football player pimps his former white ou cheerleader girlfriend for $ 200 via
from its ashes a white centric nationalist party is born
germany : 1.2 % of non-white invaders working #swrm via
get rid of statues of white people
get the white man #liberalismin4words
great tweet  lol rt : what disgusting anti-white trash . #wakeup #whitepeople #wpww
guns are a white invention . we used them to conquer . third position is good . i'm not conservative . i'm reactionary white nationalist .
hamas / pali lover = what do those muslims want ? to kill jews..honor/give $ $ to fams = jew killers ! #dontbuythelies
has anyone ever legitimately debunked jared taylor ? #altright #whitepeople
have you ever seen a race with no competitors ? black / white are invalid colours of stigmas & power .
he's probably crazy because the dems stuck him in an inner city with no hope while we pay illegals and refuges 25k plus benefits to be here
here you are lying in your profile saying #blm is causing racial divide while i thought it was 500 + years of racism white suprmacy
history shows us that non-white marxists have no problem attacking or murdering white childrensee : haiti  bolsheviks  south africa ...
how he rolls  overt racist
how many of those are white liberals vs ( ( ( white ) ) ) liberals ? case in point : florida .
hunt for white women : black racist serial killer confesses to 41 murders | read more : via
i agree with everything . black people are more racist than white people . sorry but is the truth .. thank you for your truth .
i believe you mean stand with * white * sheriffs  you racist little rodents . #getbackinyourbasket
i definitely am proud of being a white man and a brother in the superior aryan race .
i don't want to move anywhere . i want to keep britain and america white .
i dont care .. i care about my people .. i want total separation with other races .. total apathy  is my policy .. i know its so wayciss  right ?
i feel like people don't take me seriously when i say i wanna beat an antifa with another antifa but i'm serious
i'm so glad #ferguson happened . you woke the world up to how much black people hate white people .
if it's a white church it won't be called a hate crime you can bank on that
in a nutshell  if our government defends us and works for our interests  it's deemed hostile to a jewish minority .
in b k dutt colony  3 public parks out of 6 have been encroached by muslims in name of wakfboard.outsider muslims stop hindus 2 enter
is it not great for blacks in america they get to terrorize america be racist & low iq do what ever the
is white race history : 1/10 babies born in #usa now multi-racial . in 1970 it was 1/100 .
israel spies on america to make the first move against the white race via
it doesn't work that way  and all of history proves it diversity wipes out the white race and only the white race
it means people aren't buying the lie  diversity kills  now prove me wrong
it's funny how many triggered liberals there are in the comments . anti-white buffoons .
it's not islamophobia if they really are trying to kill you .
it's statues now . eventually it will be calls to ban vanilla ice cream  white bed sheets  and to denounce snow as racist . insanity .
it's unfortunate you're uneducated on your own history . keep praying to white jesus maybe he'll enlighten you
jared you must reconsider naming jews white
jew hatred is inherent in islamic doctrine . muslims don't hate jews because of israel  they hate isra
jews : we white racelions not taking it any
jews ie rejectors of christ control social media . yes they are white but love globalism not nationalism
jews mock white people all the time so i know they have a sense of humor . they should love this . too funny :)
jews should pay reparations to whites for white genocide and holodomor
jobs to americans first .
join the white power !
just learned that most white people wishes people like him would die .
keeping jihadis at bay is more important than free speech .
latino drug dealers are exterminating white addicts
mayor signer omits salient facts about deandre harris attacking people with a flashlight . send him the picture
more rapes committed by white males
nah  we are going to resurrect idea of nation for white people and their children . i'm
new black panther's white genocide project : ' if they are white  kill em all ' | read more :
no  death is their poison . white man defend your own ! join and love your race  they call to you ! raise the banners of freedom !
no . no non-white refugees  period .
not a good time to be a old white guy
not quite . white ppl like u r poor representatives of the white race and what most of us believe
now leading breitbart : #cuckservative is a gloriously effective insult making the moderate right lose its mind :
ok so white people are the only people not allowed to be proud . fact . white males are the most disadvantaged when it comes to societal pressure / government subsidiesthe founding fathers were white supremacists so was my great grandfather . every non white person is a supremacist
one of my faves . victory to the anp and white america !
one side wants white people liquidated  the other doesnt .
pathological altruism . the nail in the coffin for the white race .
people like you are the reason they're put up . the white race is the only race widely  openly hated .
petition to keep the us white
pl . stop global jihad  save humanity
racist test for asians . tell them their daughter's seeing a black / white man and see what follows .
remember this : la raza is a part of roman catholic liberation theology aimed at destroying white protestant america .
rip white race ? europe may well be on its last legs  germany may become banana republic without
rt : jeff sessions : obamas executive amnesty is a security nightmare #noamnesty
rubio can blame the nro and weekly standard cucks who begged for him to do it and assured that it would work in his favor .
scince knows white are further evolved then any other race
should be retitledwhy decades of self-loathing has an impacted whites and how you can get them under control by encouraging it
should keep its black market away from our white house
so these wonderful people --> are blaming immigrants for the ca drought because they will use anything to further their agenda
solidarity from this side of the atlantic.defense of american heritage is defense of european heritage in america . #theywillnotreplaceus
sorry my friend . white genocide in just inside some white supremacists or paranoiacs brain . indian  black  armenian  jews genocides were real
study : middle easterners most likely to fabricate hate crime hoaxes against themselves .
sweden seems to be even more mad than the uk .
tanstaafl joins me to discuss the jewish agenda to genocide the white race  the #altright  trump  and more !
thank you for your all white video  now deport yourselves . you're not native american  you're breaking your own law . leave .
that guy wt black beard is lying on national tv
that's why they prefer white neighborhoods ! they are escaping their own kind .
the #unitedstates was a white nation founded by #whitepeople  but our race has failed thus far at defending it . #family #culture #survival
the ( ( ( fake news media ) ) )
the alt right is not anti christianity but rather anti christian cuck . it values family  tradition  and volk not vagueness of family values
the civil rights movement was financed and led by communist jews to undermine white america #mlkday #mlktruth
the demokkkrats are still the party of the klan . look at their racist remarks and all white candidates for the presidency
the end of a myth : most new serial killers in america are not white males | read more : via
the fact that is already sucking up to violent sjws and black lives matter supporters shows why skeptics were right about #cruzcrew
the genocide in south africa where whites are being brutally massacred by blacks is race war . the blacks there are power hungry ...
the genocide of white america : 1980-2010 #swrm #whitegenocide #prowhite via
the most oppressed demographic in the #us is the white #workingclass
the shrine was put up by a white supremacists hate group .
the southern poverty law center is untrustable anti-white racist liberal scum . i don't trust them and they're not honest about anything .
the white race we must talk for its beginning about 4 millions and 900000 years ago as the first race . so the red and then the black
then we have the same standard  and you're no better . you just sided with people not your own because you loathe your own . probably because you hate yourself . you are a traitor .
they are suing the wrong people ... sue the charlottesville municipality .
they knew from the start ' equality ' meant either destroying the white race or bringing it down to the lowest level .
this is a standard tuesday night for me  but then again  i'm not a 15 middle class white girl whose rp on race ...
this is not a white nation . you are in the wrong country .
this is what these people took to america  sancho
this makes me want to hang a large banner denoucing degeneracy at any lgbt story hour event . just sayin
this may be a horrible thing to say but are black lives matter #blm the new klu klux klan ? they both racially hate & despise others
to put up with you for a few more months you get an eviction notice from the white house no more muslim in the white house
tomorrow is april 20th  the birthdate of adolf hitler . do you have your flyers / stickers / cards ready for mass distribution ? ? #activism
trump has a savvy with the media that belies his intelligence . that is an inherent skill  not measured by his sub - 90 iq . ergo  genius
unless you're of coloror gay  or ... not white
we are a people without a country because america is gone . ( used to be jews were people without a country . )
we must secure the existance of our people and future for the white children ! !
we wanted to hear milo ! !
when you are on your knees with your white associates do you swallow
white  the new black
white genocide ? your buddy glenn miller murdered three white people including a teenage boy
white genocide accelerates in germany : three large german cities to tip non-white | read more : via
white genocide alert .. detroit : the death of white civilisation | more : via
white genocide escalates in south africa  international jew-controlled media remains in silence : via
white history never will forget confederate 1860-1865 ! ! !
white men not allowed unemployment in ohio  funneled to black mafia members . women have no basic human rights .
white nationalism is a religion of peace .
white people wanting to live is racist .
white protestants are 4 % nycmetro . that is proof immigration displaces .
white race of humanity must be saved ; we are fighting to save minority white race ;
white revolution *
white supremacy a myth black privilege is real ! via
whites  a necessary but not a sufficient condition .
whites founded the country . god you're not very smart . trying to be cool and pander to the anti-white racists that hate your skin color .
whn they hate n kill shia nt mentioned in quran de wl nevr let live any jew mentioned as despisd in quran hadish
why are all white people from different countries the same  but people of color ... nevermind . white american racists are weird .
why are we always told we should be more tolerant of islam ? why dont we ever hear that islam needs t
why do i think you are a white racist using a black mans picture to troll .
why do we care what jews want or don't want ? they are actively at war with the white race and always have been .
why obama must reach out to angry whites
wow ... only in jew run america could something like this happen . what an outrage !
yes . a racist of the highest kind ; a screwball feminist ; a windbag who was able to suck in female followers . yes .
yes it is ! white pride !
yes you are fine in a white majority country . how is mexico doing these days ? you people come here because you couldn't build it .
ymbfkm ; the frc is a known hate group . stop begging these russian agents of white nationalist hate to change .
you evil white ( not-white ) supremacist ! ! honestly i expect the next left attack on poc that support to be that you imagine you are .
you know they're fundamentally nuts when muslims hate other muslims enough to kill them
you need the white boogeyman to justify your failures
you sound violent and anti-white .
you think white children shld have thr countries colonized and destroyed ... bc white colonialism happened ?
zionist racist ideology myself afro american rather eat with adolf hitler . stop holocaust on arabs
zuckerberg is an open borders zealot and only cares about cheap labor to enrich himself .
  " : all white everything is my thing " " "
  " : jews outraged over diversity is white genocide banner in australia | more : " " ; "
  " white supremacists " " aka those who refused to buy your misogynistic failed rap album ? or jews ? differentiate dindu . differentiate . "
  " you need a bombed out white civilization for black run america to work . " " "
 . apparently you can conquer any white nation just by screaming  " racist . " " whites will even offer you their children "
 15 of the 19 hijackers were saudi arabia.saudi arabia is our  " ally " " "
 2 million  " natives " " dont get dibs on all of north america . white settlers built what refugees are flocking to . "
 : black supremacist arrested for threatening to  " kill all white people in the town " " "
 anyone white that isn't anti - white & against #white genocide is  " too racist . " " "
 are jewish groups going to demand massive non-jewish immigration into israel ? or is  " diversity " " only for the west ? "
 both . the angry disaffected white who is losing his love for  " america " " and the normie who notices thing "
 court finds shooter floyd corkins used website to determine targets . labeling  " hate groups " " must end ! #tcot "
 cuck is the new  " racist " " or soon will be "
 german muslim : islam is coming to take over germany  " your daughters will wear hijab "
 how #jews feel about #whitepeople -  " the white race is the cancer of human history . " " - jewess susan sontag #hate #israel #racism "
 how a genetic mutation led to the white  " race " " ayye bruh  just gonna leave this on y'all tl "
 i hate to break to you  but hey all you  " white " " and " " black " " people ? you are the immigrant . have a great day . "
 i'm not antisemitic  i support palestinians . faux polish jews that immigrated to palestine aren't semites  you know  the jew  " refugees " " . "
 jew michael skolnik is  " jewish " " when it suits him and " " white " " when he wants to hate on whites "
 only cucks and leftists love the censorship of the  " free market " " it is the only way they stay relevant . "
 rt :  " white privilege conference " " says resisting jihad is racist  bashes robert spencer and pamela gell "
 rt bernie isn't  " bad  " " but even dsa left must recognize how obsolete his view of left base is . rural / " " working " " white men are not future of america or humanity ; cannot be future of the left women . poc . lgbtq . regions centering intellectual / creative capital . that's how / where you win . "
 rt instead of  " white students  " " they should call themselves  " " the race . " " that's even acceptable for federal judges . "
 rt of course  jew-media to poison white brains : [ bad ]  " neo-nazis " " " " skirmished " " w / " " well-organized " " " " counter " " - protesters "
 rt three blacks kill a white man  " for the fun of it . " " "
 rt uk video :  " you're a jew  not a muslim ... jew  jew  jew run ! " " #islam #islamophobia #tcot #antimuslim "
 so basically your ok with no firing blacks and affirmative action but firing whites because  " muh free market " " . ok . "
 the evil reading koran (  " 26 different korans " " ) is so dangerous that muslims might find out jesus is god and not jihad for momo "
 to grant amnesty is to pardon #immigration lawbreakers and reward them ...  " #noamnesty "
 trump's  " make america white christian again " " here is the proof #kkk "
 white apathy toward  " white genocide " " is pathetic & a great betrayal > it is real so why no government intervention ? "
 you don't  most people don't want it back . go back to your  " european " " roots  go connect . "
#arkansas always bn infested w / incestuous  psychotic  white supremacist trash & still supports #hillbilly2
#india dear pm pl deport all 40k illegal #rohingya muslims w / o fail . #india is not an orphanage.we don't want terrorists
#massive migration from africa to europe is underway ; europe may not survive ; sorry  what to do ?
#milo is wrong . #cuckservatives failed our people by attempting to do what milo is describing .
#nohateappstate - ( ( ( who ) ) ) told him white people are evil ? - black guy talks about racism
#projectsiege continues unabated . we will not rest until alt-right ideas are represented on college campuses nationwide . #sdsu
#syrian saga : russian airstrikes ' spread panic among terrorists '
#whitegenocide is public policy in white countries  flood them  force integrate them  blend them into mixed race : see #kalergi plan #altright
' gentrification ' or ' white flight ' : whites can't win via blacks working to maintain their lands and culture ? fine . white people working to maintain their lands and culture ? ... well  you know how this goes .
' holocaust ' debate / comments / news is barak obama god awful stupid ? : it's not just barak obama but all ele ...
' white ' means european ancestry . there is no interpretation in which central asian  turkic peoples are white .
- poland is looking to protect its people.muslims bring with them the baggage of islam . this poses a potential threat .
. can a jew join ? i am white  green eyes and like your white trash blond south american girls .
. communist jews created a mind virus that's infecting and killing off the white race
. in the 60s it was argued that desegregation violated freedom of conscience . it didn't work then either .
... his lies only ring true for the deeply conservative .  old white folk .. those how hate the most .
1 ) so when white peoples and cultures are being eradicated it's not your problem  but when non-whites remove white people  then it's whining
5 . you live in the usa  indigenous to non white people preaching white supremacy whilst act
70 million us white christian racist superiors are in 21st century against racial mix.please be fai
: > implying black people in the modern day are slaves . > implying white people
: again how islam with all the hate that has can bring peace ? h
: alright ted kaczynski  mail bomb your way to a white ethnostate . while o
: america is ours - we created it . usa was founded by white nationalists . the rest of you are just
: bloom thanks g * d that america is not an ethnostate then ponders various fake forms of unity that leave jew
: race war in manhattan : black power militants storm restaurants and harass white patrons
: russian tv report on france's white genocide by mass immigration : white people are disappearing from all over france ... ...
: when you kill your own body to kill others  we call it suicide . you call it jihad .
: whites of south africa prepare for evacuation as genocide looms
a racist any white man who is winning an argument with a #liberal  a #conservative  a #libertarian  or a #jew .
a reminder that jews are not white ! via
a wall is racist ? #thatmakesnosense
aint that america : obama shoes : in this farce of a country  illegal aliens are showing up on the mexican bord ...
all black people are racist .
all nationalists - white  black  asian  or latin - are against globalization & foreign interference . they will fight jews .
also put muslim brotherhood in the white house and every other branch of gvmnt he could ! americas biggest race baiter  that's his legacy
america is an extension of europe  according to the first european settlers and founding fathers .
america is white america . there is no america without whites dominant .
america will never be a pure white country but that
america you can't coexist with people who want to kill you ! #rt #stopislam #stopjihad #nosharia #nopc
and wealthy whites will have to go with us or risk having the marxists confiscate all of their wealth to give to -
and yet a white man gets 15 years for putting bacon on a mosque for step ! thank god for white privilege
another day  another black male kills a white cop #whitelivesmatter
anti-racist is just code for anti white . no one says that africa needs to have a blended humanity
anti-white jew david sirota blocked me when i asked him why israel wasn't taking in any refugees lol
are you serious ? even whites know this.they only give aid to steal more
aren't you that racist anti-lgbtq organization ? the partnered with that hate group you are aren't you ?
at least the fires still lit there's hope . i wish us white had our own homeland achieved peacefully but achieved at all is a +
at what point did whites start all this self-hatred ? no other race self-destructs this way .
atlanta's traffic problems are due to white people escaping blacks ( crime )
aye  well  i like the nineties . people were happy and confident and the diversity hadn't started to bite .
bascially  your policy is to replace your own people with foreigners because you are self hating leftists
because it's the white thing to do
because prior to that  almost everybody in white societies was white .
being white in philly : pennsylvania h / t sbpdl the black mayor of philadelphia is trying to the human rights c ...
black supremacist arrested for threatening to kill all white people in the town | read more : via
blacks  13 % of us population  commit 59 % of murders . #baltimore #ferguson #freddiegray #baltimoreuprising
blame the white man . gets tiresome .
bradford : 80 % of children sexually exploided are white . rape jihad
breaking : white men are the majority of men who breathe oxygen in america .
broad genocidal support from antigay christians #march4marriage #marriage #marriagedebatedc
bull  now we know those white sheriffs were paid ! don't believe trumpism hype
but the reality is that many of them want the white man's civilization without the white man in it .
by not taking a bold and open stand for white america we ensure ourselves the chains the jews make 4 us !
channel everyone - white  black  asian  latin - against jews - through nationalist winds in each country - regardless of race .
citizens to kill jews for no reason . other than they believe everything belongs to them and if your not a muslim you have to die .
cry more  corporate america . we'll win with or without you.they ' re scared . extremely scared .
cuckservatives : trumps white nationalist fans discredit hiscandidacy
dear  don't sell ads to known racist hate groups like . #buildthewall #nobannowallnoraids
debate #debates r . a . the rugged #cuckservative #blacklivesmatter
defense over socialism ! yay ! romney would rather write checks 4 military aid 2 #israel than help auto industry in his home state .
definitely not on our side ! better luck next presidential election white america !
denying the existence of white culture is white culture  you nimwit .
did he import white mechanics to keep it running ?
diversity always means fewer ( or no ) whites
diversity is only imposed on white nations . diversity : slowly and legally eliminating white people .
does not make you a racist . makes you a realist .
eating beef is neither a essential part of islam nor is it a marker of secularism . the only idea of making it so is to humiliate the hindus
ending slavery - whites ; democracy - whites ; women's rights - whites ; innovations in science from electricity to space travel - whites ...
ethnic dutch a minority in big cities  so how do they integrate ? #swrm #minority #integrate via
european culture went into decline when people killed off paganism & erected goyim synagogues with crosses
even further we need a tab for white culture on your website . colonialism  rape  white on white crime
ever notice how jews are only ' white ' when it serves their agenda ?
fair immigration is a branded hate group . it's members consist of racists and white supremacists . check them out . nasty group .
following the jcc arrest  can we be smarter about anti-semitism ? via
four adopted children  not a single one white . what kind of self-loathing and / or white savior complex causes that ?
girl bright and early this morning the crazy racist white folks are acting up
god grant that in all the land  there were more white people than black and colored .
good video on internet activism and white character #whitegenocide #freespeech #northwestfront #deportallmuslims
hate always wins support from white conservatives .
he never will . he hates white people and our country even more .
he who wears the beanie is a cuck .
he's still a zionist shill that will throw people in prison for anti-semitism just like the rest of europe
he's vocally anti-white  he's not white  he advocates miscegenation and he's so much as admitted to raping women
hey guys  nz european here . you have my support bringing america back to white america  the way it should've been .
hey hillary why do you take millions in donations from arab nations who beat rape and kill innocent women and young girls ?
hey racists  send me home to africa . i'm a gay black jew-boy and i want to go home to africa where i belong !
hey white people . if you don't hate yourself  don't want to be killed or honor murdered white people  you are a bigot and hater !
hope you're not white . cause that would make you a race traitor .
how any white liberals coming to #ferguson and #shawshooting this weekend will get robbed ? place your bets !
how the uniparty lost the white middleclass
hunter  you do know i'm a jew . i hope you mean to diss liberal jews  not us hardline rightwinger jews .
i assume it's about how the africans freed themselves from evil whites owners . with . no . help . at . all .
i don't think there are enough white players in the nba ! they must be racist ! al sharpton please call an emergency meeting !
i have even less sympathy for refugees now
i'm 99.6 % white  so i want 4 % of all those sweet white gibs . be my ally sarah  accept your privilege and help me beat the system ! #resist
i'm a nationalist  and white . ergo  white nationalist . so long as identity politics exist  we must play the game  or lose by not showing up .
i'm actually saving for a set of bagpipes . what better way to honor your heritage than learning their traditional instruments
i'm saying stop non white immigration . white people can come here all they want . and good man  i love that flag .
i'm still trying to figure out why the people of #ferguson is taking their aggression out on quicktrips ? why ? ! ? really  why ? ! ? ! ? stupidfucks
i'm white and jewish  can i join your party ? oh that's right neither of those are qualifiers to be american . #maga brother
identity evropa is and identitarian organization we must come together and care for each other in the white community . the liberals have single handedly declared that white americans are open game for brown illegal aliens .
if immigration leads to nonwhite rule  they may kill off white leaders  and amnesty would make this more likely .
if we dont let muslims into america  theyll kill us & why would we want ppl who say they'll kill us to come here ?
if white people are so special  then why are there so few of them playing in t
immigration act of 1924 is original sin of white america according to jews ; therefore america must import all immigrants forever
in 1930s  hitler began blaming jews for financial woes of struggling germans . many had $ $ / businesses . built a campaign of hate  lies  er anger against evil juden . i got into this thread bc op1 is spreading hate  lies  anger against evil white race.very hitler-esque !
in white power by rockwell  chapter called : nightmare  is coming true ! all out black on white war ! prepare now !
inb 4 its ok to be white as long as youre also fine with anti white policies that displace whites
indians are pre colombians . white people founded and built usa .
instead of washing muslims feet  apologizing for islam . francis should watch this video .
internet caricature ? cuck is on msnbc being interviewed right now about how he is supporting hillary :
is zuma talking about seizing white land or not ? are you denying it ?
it seems true  but they had plenty of people willing to suicide bomb an
jew says he's gonna kill judge
jews and mudslims united against white civilization
jews don't want to live close to the non-white invaders they welcome #expeltheinvaders #withjewswelose
jews rejoicing at the prospect of the end of the white race
jews say whites should love their own demise . for whites to love white life is to hate their own demise . that is hate
jihad ! caliphate : implement sharia law
jihad : story of white slavery
lmao ... it's always the jews who stage these so called hate crimes ...
look  as long as you goys don't point out that jews get zionism & israel  and we suppress white nationa
look american ! ! just few years ago those polish people was used to clean our cars window glasses in the streets in italy
makes me wonder if i will be called racist for calling him a a muslim .. even though he is white ..
maybe.after all the white folks are bred out .
merlan provides us with another example of why jews should be excluded from white countries #withjewswelose
more than half of french population terrified of being killed in isis attack
muslims will not condemn koranic verses . making them all part of the problem .
my 4 reasons to defund amnesty
nazism & white supremacy are not at all incompatible with jihad terror : you're in denial .
need a massive deportation program ... around 100000  000 get us back to a 1960 demographic  #maga ... #14w
never seen nyt going into an outburst  when hindus are being targeted on a regular basis in malabar  kashmir
new info graphic : most police are white  most criminals are black  = many blacks shot by white officers #dothemath
new slogan for the #dncwhite people should be seen and not heard .
no  not them . they're on the stupid side of the spectrum  but they're not vocal white power enthusiasts ( etc ) .
no . only morons want a wall along our southern border .
non-white candidate for london mayor : there are too many white men |: via
not a white supremacist hate the kkk  neo-nerds  blm & anquifa  isis well all sissy terrorists . i got a rebel flag because i'm a rebel . america
not just enslave though they also want to rape & force white women in marriage & they'll kill their own 4 race mixing 2
nothing will stop the marxist destruction of the white race  it doesn't matter what the white race has done  doing now or will d0
now more than ever the white race need to band together . the world would love our extinction . we must stand up to them
of course rape of white women is the race uniting pt of true love and compassion #waronwhites  #whitegenocide
oh  look  the anti-gay  anti-woman is in bed with white supremacists . shocker .
oh boy  another case of white guilt ! #nonsense #defeattheglobalist
ok . youre pretty straightforward tho . all white america survives  all else dies . am i close ?
omg  you mean white people have rights too ? shocking ...
one day isis monsters will be in our midst & white liberals will serve them humus cooked for them by white feminists
pass it and let barry show he stands for illegals vs . legal americans  then override his veto !
pegida is all about saving white race from onslaught of islam . hitler was saving his race from ill effects . his people voted 4him
people are upset on the cow protection issue  pl . save your core support base  muslims do not vote for you
people call me racist yet i have more in common with you a black man than i do with a white male who's vote for democrats
pro-whites r the target . antifa are tools of the system . further  antifa / blm are terrorist
race baiting self loathing white guilt syndrome snowflake leftists antifa loving media .
race hate rape of 1400 white english girls . muslims decide non-cooperation with british police :
race is the ultimate uniter . deep down the hipster from brooklyn knows he's better off wth the country club old boy than he is with some random non white .
read the talmud ? says non-jews aren't human beings ? does that mean i should assume all jews hate non-jews ? no !
repubs hating muslims blacks hispanics immigrants women govt libs ... who's left for angry white bigots to hate ?
rick perry on illegal mestizo invaders lunatic ... helping to push white #genocide in #america
right on america needs to wake up  enough black on white hate crimes and our media does nothing for whites
see shucking and jiving for the white man is paying off
seems to fully understand that it's not the responsibility of american tax payers to support illegals  pretty simple
so sad . they have no choice but to deport all non-white residents . are they racist ? no . survivalists
so you believe it is wrong for a white man to defend his own race ? do you believe that it i
sometimes hate is good . i hate islamic jihad ! lol .
sometimes i think we're the only white people left old man .
stay white  my dear christian friend  stay white .
teaching a fascist that refutes everything since 1863 is like trying to teach biomedicine to a plague doctor . #resist #antifa
that is white genocide at work
that's a consolationto be killed by a middle class  educated jihadi rather than by
that's the way texans are . we try to treat everyone with respect  i see so much anxiety in white  black n white now . it's all this media hate that is to blame . we will defend whoever gets attacked regardless who they are .
thats the fake muslims not everyone wants to kill themselves thats just the retards
the #us #education system discourages critical thinking skills . hence the ignorant hate that persists against #hitler & national-socialism .
the ' white lives matter ' rally tomorrow is going to be a disaster & griffin ( ) is actively destroying white identitarian movt .
the days of whites failing to notice our own displacement are over . #sportsball #boycottnfl #14words #maga
the difference between third world countries and america is the people . think about that a minute . #trump2016 #hillary2016
the illegal immigration from mexico is another name 4 white genocide #stopwhitegenocide
the modern young white male is poisoned and distracted by the stupid social media culture ( & tv ) where anything goes and everyone race mixes .
the real face of islam ! #wakeupamerica #tcot #ccot #nosharia #trump
the subcontinental-darkies climbed the america's political / corporate / social ladders faster than other asian groups
the true comparison is what is the ratio of white on black vs black on white crime & violence .
the usa will no longer be around by then thanks to racist white liberals and illegal welfare bums .
the white race must unite against our genocide > the flooding of white nation's with nonwhites has been deliberate >
there are already enough mid easterners in western europe to effectively end the white race in under 30 years time
they already said that no matter what  if youre white  youre racist .
this is #potus obama's legacy  illegal criminal murderers of americans ...
this is an inherently white thing to do . keep up the good work .
this is only the beginning  believe me - whitey is done being pushed around by marxist / anarchist / leftist anti-white scum  time for pushback !
this is part of their auto-victimisation  to justify the jihad ! since ever ! ! !
this is perfect . its okay to be white forces the left to show how much they hate ideas that are simply not their own .
this is what you get when you preach anti white hate and white genocide .
this moderate is starting to hate antifa more than i hate nazis .
too good to be true ? ? whitey fights back ! ! southern italian town world's ' only white town ' after ethnic cleansing
traitor . there's nothing worse than an #antiwhite white person .
truth about the holocaust religion terrifies its priests : a nicely condensed piece on the fictional ' holocaust ...
u know the uk is in europe and europeans are white right ?
ugh we get it  you hate whites and hate your own white face .
uk : white woman punched to the ground and spat on in racist attack by non-white thug | more :
unfortunately explicit white segregation is literally illegal under us law . black and brown people can segregate explicitly  but we cant .
via robert spencer in frontpage mag : leland yee : an anti-gun democrat jihadists can love #catholic
video : white man march - white nationalist rallies organized across the globe for march via white time
we are back to support you and you alone will win preserve our beautiful white race including hillary types
we need few more video like this to open eyes of sleeping hindus christian conversion is big
well he they would be born white . and most jews were born white .
what about the white terrorist in vegas ? ? ?
what is #hatespeech ? homosexuals & jews relentlessly smear christians & white males.why isn't that hate speech ?
when white people accuse other white people of being white . the most bizarre form of intolerance and racism .
white civilization is superior than monkeys
white countries no more ... this is #whitegenocide
white girl shot to death for fun by black racist murders via
white liberals are the most racist people i know .
white men must act to save the honour of white women and girls .
white nationalism has no place in this country . it never will .
white people are an endangered species that is affected by open borders .
white people have been here for hundreds of thousands of years .
white people have no value to the left and the white on the left hate themselves
white privilege 101 : salon is there any truth to the argument that jews are hostile to white people ?
white supremacists / separatists / nationalists . if you think there's few seriously racist ppl on here you've clearly never looked for them .
white supremacists hate providing sources once they have been exposed for making up random i say so claims - they spend so much time memorizing the white supremacists the talking points  they never have time to source it
white will dominate ! sieg heil hitler
whites are finally beginning to vote like other races--in their own interests .
why is d white race most beautiful creation of god ?
why should the white race not enjoy a homeland of their own making ? why should anyone actively seek to replace them ? that makes no sense .
works for me ... don't give them benifits in any form except for a bus ride back to mexico .
ya i'm sure & you did say tea party = kkk and called kkk racist . but whatevs bye felicia
yay no amnesty ! make yourself illegal or go back to where you came from . we need an honest country not a bunch of liars  thieves  killers
yes : hate injustice toward women  hate curtailing of free speech  hate warfare against non-muslims  hate killing of apostates ...
you people are disgusting . never in my life have i been ashamed to be white until today . #trash
you ppl who think the white race rules r very funny bc you are not all white lol lol lol
you recognize you are talking about a race who literally put people of other races in a real yoke .
you say your surprend . your are nothing . blacks will over take you guys and take over america . all talk no action .
you're missing the point . 1 black attacking 1 of my white people is 1 too many .
  " diversity " " is code for no more white faces . the white race is the only race that has genuine diversity . #tcot #ccot "
  " white " " jews feel nothing 4 the lives of whites ! they only care about jews ! "
  " white men stole it all " " "
  " white supremacist " " is an anti-white slur . "
 ... that salacious malicious invasion by those racist animals is another reason for  " racial divide " " that potus created ! "
 awesome . estonian politician :  " i don't want blacks in estonia ; this is a white country " " "
 call them  " anti white " " cause that is what they are ! #whitegenocide "
 funny how it's  " racist " " to get the white vote  while they openly want the votes from jews  blacks  hispanics  etc . "
 how do you reconcile your view with the koran commanding  " kill the infidel " " ? "
 it's because they are a bunch of  " w . i . n . o's " " ( cucks who are " " white in name only " " )  who are too afraid to be pro-white ... "
 look into affirmative action . it's straightforward anti-white discrimination . then look at brazil . that's your  " race blind " " future . "
 of course #trump is not  " your guy " " . only fools could imagine a * white friendly * candidate emerging from jew cesspit  nycity "
 rt  " : : non-white hate crime mob violence comes to finland ( video ) " " ; cultural enrichment ? "
 rt  " : african immigrants brutally beat white people in melbourne home invasion via " " "
 rt  " take up the white mans burdenand reap his old blame of those ye betterthe hate of those ye guard " " - rudyard kipling "
 rt does  " generation identity " " really want the " " remigration " " of black americans ? if yes  where to ?    "
 rt google search queries for  " racism " " from 2004 to present . mostly white countries bombarded with anti-white media and open borders lunacy . the rest of the world is racist af and doesn't care . "
 rt imagine the white-knuckle rage if the headline read :  " white people deserve safe spaces without ethnic minorities . " " "
 rt white guilt is coming into play with white players wanting to look  " woke " " and black players supporting him just because he's black ! "
 whitearyanpride : they say they are anti-racist  but what they really are is anti-white ! via  " "
 who are your people ? what did you do to help  " your people " " in advncing the human race  besides just having pale skin ? "
 why ? when black pride / hispanic pride / asian pride / muslim pride / jewish pride / even  " gay " " pri "
#charlotteriots = anti-white racial hatred . if you're ready to stop it  join . white children deserve a future .
#neverforget israel & jewish criminals did 9/11 to justify endless war & tyranny . google israel did 9/11 - i dare u
#peaceful #islam & its most peaceful verse ..
#stopextinction of the white race . your #children need you :
#whitegenocide is real . stop making light of confederate issues . stand up for america - - be american ! ! ! #dixie
' holocaust ' debate / comments / news burden of proof : the fables of russell's teapot and blobel's vanished ...
' holocaust ' debate / comments / news daily life in auschwitz from british intelligence decrypts  1942 / lie ...
. #jewish #antihate have pages documenting #antimuslim #bigotry of & cohorts
. when are you going to write about how jews destroy white institutions ? jews created this .
. yrs of interaction w / white atheist science ! are vapid & men r impotent.christianity is white past & future
9 year old white boy commits suicide after being tormented for months by racist arabs | read more :
9year old white boy commits suicide after being tormented for months by racist arabs | read more : via
: #arizona politician proposes a special holiday for white people #altoarizona #immigration
: caleb russell inspires next #cair bus ad : #myjihad is to kill all the white people on this bus
: canadians rejecting misogynist gay / jew / westhating islam must fearlessly expose
: david duke : the racial murder and rape of white women in america
: demokkkrats stop your racist deceit ! obama sat underneath a racist america hating black liberation garbage spewing idiot
: dr . david duke : will the white race survive ? via
: in memoriam panzerdivision totenkopf t-shirt from the white resister
: jw is a truth organization not a hate orginzation . islam is all about hate . #ar
: learn from it  #liberals ~ elin krantz : just another dead white liberal female ...
: reza aslan lies about arab spring bringing democracy as egypt mp calls for sharia punishments crucifixion & amputa ...
: show me buddhist mandate to kill muslims . i'll show you islams mandate to kill polytheists
: south africa white genocide escalates  international jew-controlled media remains in silence
: the reason islam can win every attempt to advance sharia is kafirs are tolerant of all its demands .
: they hate you because the jew controlled mainstream media is brainwashing them . #jewishsupremacy
: us will have a civil war . stupid white libs who call white people privileged and racist
: white pill time : richard spencer helps to lead torchlight procession in support of white southern h
all are missing are some white hoods and fire
already destroyed 2/3 of christendom & people still don't get it . & jews tell us
americas poorest white town proves link between race and crime #swrm #whitetown #us via
and there was an underlying white identity resurgence to trump's campaign . it's why the jews freaked so much .
another anti-white racist attacks in obama's america ( video ) via
anti-white un boss demands more non-white invasion into uk  despite major opposition | more :
ask more rss intellectuals to come on powerful twitter and spread the message of brahma  vishnu and mahesh .
be glad for it ! white people are getting an eyeful of black arrogance and are realizing we are right !
beneath the mask of the human rights industry is the final solution of the white race .
black lives matters is run by lesbians !
build the wall . deport them all . dont let them take away our machine guns . 2nd amendment
but isn't milk a symbol of white supremacy ? #worldmilkday
but thats deceptive bcuz not all pigmentated people fail . is it african ethnic groups ? is it a tribal mentality ?
can i join if i'm black but on the inside white ?
clarke  elder racist blacks  whites need to stop attacking white folks
cuck erickson : that's racist ! you're all racists !
cuckservatives : french family edition via #cuckservative #whitegenocide #transracial
danish prime minister warns of emergence of muslim parallel societies  no-go zones |
democrats already have the black vote . dems nurder your unborn children . sell their body parts  take donations fron drug companues to keep your youth hooked on drugs .. they accept contributions from private prison systems to house the 70 % black population . its dems winning formula
demokkkrats started the kkk and now they are starting a racist jihad against white cops ! demokkkrats are racism experts !
duh ! white people well done your gonna kill yourselves
every time i see these people all i think of are th white version of black isrealites .
every white woman in america and other white nations needs to be able to handle a firearm ! !
everyone prefers their own race and culture . churches are mostly white  black  korean etc . blacks now want black only dorms etc .
from canada illegally  just white people assume
gee i wonder why . why dont you tell us more about how ( ( ( you ) ) ) hate all white people ?
get ready for obama & his militant leftists to start attacking doctors . #prolife
great news  it's about time us white folks did somethingl
h calls anyone who wants 2 b safe a racist . she is a hater of america  her polices will not keep us safe
has become a school committed to black empowerment and white disenfranchisement .
he has openly advocated to kill white men . can't trust muslims .
here is advocating black genocide . and there is no white genocide . yo
hunter we are taught white history every day . white pride is all about taking down people of color . that's shameful .
i don't hate people . is it hate to reject an intolerant ideology ? there's plenty of hate in your islamic texts : #kuffarhate #misogyny #jihad
i get it . asia for the asians . africa for the africans . white countries for every
i had no idea they were going after white people so aggressively & violently .
i had should have placed a bet that it would be a jew
i have a shocker for you  there are no white supremacists  but there are white ( ( ( supremacists ) ) )
i think white self-hating should be treated like mental illness .
i'm randomly on a white power racist website and find this ! ! ! : adolf hitler smiley face t-shirt
if black dysfunction is an indicator of institutionalized white supremacy  it appears cities get more white supremacist as they get blacker .
if hindus in bihar want to live with dignity than they need 2 throw out these two psuedos hindus #abkibaarbjpinbihar
if muslims are to be considered a race ( absurdly ) then by default non-muslims are a race.therefore jihad is racist .
if only the fuhrer would have given rommel one more division in north africa ...
if you don't think that we  as a country  do not have illegal immigration problems .. read the statistics carefully !
illegal immigrants . legal immigrants nothing to fear ! don't be pc  tell the truth !
illegal is not a race . true . but they aren't pulling over cars looking for white law breakers .
indonesia : muslim smiles and screams allahu akbar as he gets 10 - year sentence for jihad massacre via
is a amazing video . if you're white and haven't watched this  watch it . #whiteandproud #racism #doublestandards
israel stopping african immigrants whilist jews open america and european borders
it allows white people to be free of black crime !
it is good that blacks are driving a wedge between them and white people ! we must make sure our people are aware !
it would be nice to have historically white colleges and universities . we have them in the south . that would be called * racist * though
it's 100 % correct that whites and blacks shouldnot date  we are a minority compare
it's only evil when white people do it .
it's weird how skinny white kids who hate identity politics love identity politics so much
it's wonderful if these white women will wake up to anti-white racism.but some whites love to be punished for being white .
its about money  not christian love cost #refugee family $ 257481+ welfare + food stamps
jews crown miss holocaust survivor in morbid beauty pageant #withjewswelose
just fyi israel and jews did 9/11 and blamed muslims to justify the global war on terrorism
just when you think white people can't get anymore heartless ...
keep it white
kosher conservatives think money is the measure of everything . but more important than mere $ $ is the quality of
lets turn our hate into action : action report on the liverpool white man march via
libertarian solution : more third world immigration
loretta lynch where you at on the chicago hate crime ! those thugs attacked a man because he was white and handicapped !
maybe you should go to black lives matter and whine about your white guilt
milo can be useful to an extent . his gayness makes lefties more receptive to him . i started with milo and ended at the alt-right
more white genocide on the tl smh
most muslim terrorists are white  what are they talking abt ?
muslims always feel provoked and offended ... that's why islam has to be banned from democracies .
muslims arrested for conning elderly into funding jihadis #islam #islamophobia #tcot #antimuslim #uk
my fave question to ask counter protesters ( who are always majority white ) is why do they hate white people .
neocon jew bill kristol wants to create a committee not to renominate the president daily stormer
netherlands : 65 % of 1990s immigrants on welfare #swrm #immigrants only 68 % ! ? id check again ! via
never i hope it's degrading can't believe the germans they have sunk so low !
no . this is the nation of the united states of america . white people are indigenous to the usa .
not racist at all brother makes you a patriot .
not referring to a single tattoo . perhaps it's time to start something new  something that's not exclusionary to dedicated  good  whites .
oh white guilt .. like i said i have none of that
ohio law  whitey pays for blacks crimes or jail . white girls arrested so corrections officers have something to play with .
optics cucks eternally btfo ! #whitelivesmatter did more to advance our narrative than any rally thus far . congratul
paul : what's wrong with all western nations is we're ruled by jews & have been poisoned by their false narratives
people are now aware that islam is not a race so it is not racist to hate muslims . muslims are people that join an evil cult .
pretty much . why would jews ( who look like white men ) bash themselves ? oh ... they wouldn't .
racist attacks on white dutch people by mobs of muslim immigrants continue ( video ) va
racist black goes on shooting spree  says his teachers taught him to hate whites | read more :
rt the active shooter in charleston sc is a crazy black man not a white supremacist . i know you democrat race baiters ( cont
save your tax dollars deport the illegals now !
screw the blind media and cucks join and save you people !
send them all home give us our jobs back
she's another low iq hollywood liberal . islam is submission and btw if they ran america
show your pride with wpww t-shirts from the white resister via
so answer this : are u jewish ? cause jews  though they have some white blood  are semites and many jews claim to be white when convenient .
so is mass non-white immigration to the west in the minds of jews
so the 500 % increase in h1b visas ? yeah i'm sure that will win over voters .
so twitter is anti-white . good to know
suburban middle class whites fear making waves because they have much more to lose . its easier to say y
switzerland : africans kill elderly white man then start screaming about racism #swrm #switzerland via
that's not a hate crime though  nooooo only us evil white people commit hate crimes ..
that's why racial segregation is necessary
the 1st slave owner in fl was a black man  owning white & black slaves . muslims enslave all races today . slavery is not about race !
the chicoms seemily care more about their people's wellbeing than european nations about their own ? bizarre .
the democratic base does not want a white  especially a white man  to represent them .
the only whites who are declining are white liberals  white conservatives and everything to the right of them are multiplying . whites of tomorrow will be fewer but they will be far more right wing and far right . everything is going our way
the protesters in new mexico were thugs who were flying the mexican flag . the rally inside was big and beautiful  but outside  criminals !
the third-world colonization of australia has continued apace ! read more : via
the white #workingclass is the most oppressed demographic in the #unitedstates - #wakeup #fightback
the white house is currently a sanctuary for a moron .
the wreckage left by the summer of trump #cuckservative
theoretically  overturning roe v wade would increase white birthrate without increasing non-white birthrate .
they do and you can check them the white on white crime is less than half the total % of black on black
they're killing white people in south africa no one blinks
this is stupid ... the ' far left '  democrats  illegal aliens  communists . commits genocide on the white race of america .
this is what the anti-white promotes ... multiculturalism sad :
ugh ... always trying to say they're equal to whites . couldn't be further from the truth .
uhm ... i wonder what percentage of white nationalist / racist knuckle draggers are progressives ? my guess = less than 1 % u 2 care to guess ?
uk has been spelling radical islamic terrorism as random  drunk asian person
university report : a room full of white people is a microaggression
ur argument about white christians killing people is lame . sharia law is dangerous
very existence of white race hinges on trump =
via : 9 steps to successfully counter jihad #tcot
we just need to convince white people of the need for more white people ! we must boost our numbers !
we need presentation that makes people realize they've been gaslit into hating us when in actuality we are the normal  healthy people w love for our nation . american flags  singing national anthem . basic branding . follow trumps lead in that regard - the people are dying for it ! !
we should jail all white christian american males who look like they might kill in mass shootings !
we're unlikely to be that fortunate . the left has realized that putting the third world on welfare wins them every election
well they helped zionism and commies to destroy germany a white country ... that's racist .
what a national socialist america will do for the white american worker ! #nationalsocialism #nationalism
what about white americans ? oh wait  that's * white supremacy * to talk about white interests ?
what they want is of little value in a land swarming with hostile non whites . race first ! all else is dross !
what's shocking is 34 % didn't think america settled by white euros . let's see : 12.3 % black pop +12.5 % brown pop + misc minorities + white cucks =
which is why they want race mixing . what they don't realize is that race mixing will lead to white
white british : minority within 50 years #swrm #white #whitegenocide #uk via
white european ancestors have been proven to be in america before your ancestors arrived here ! new scientific proof ! read up on it !
white genocide accelerates : university removes portaits of white male professors | more :
white genocide accelerates in sweden : university removes all portaits of white male professors #swrm
white genocide in america 1960-2060 #swrm #whitegenocide #us via
white killers live . black people don't . why is that difficult for you to get ?
white nationalism is the answer .
white people donating to white organizations is bad . jews donating to jewish organizations is good .
white people need to watch their backs . there is a war upon us .
white people seemingly are the only truly altruistic ethnic group . ive seen more white people help complete strangers and animals with zero reciprocity.for a society bent on white genocide they would fall apart without us ..
white washing is whitewashing when you're casting white people for non-white roles .
white women in wheatfields are hateful
white zioner dream state
whites need to gtfo of africa while they still can
why are white nationalist white people who resist islam labelled racist ?
you are hereby condemned for your hostile posture towards the white civil rights movement . #unitetheright
you are the problem you race baiting white guilt syndrome scum bag .
you call yourself fair ! should be rename white race for white states
you have it all wrong ! nazism isn't white this  white that . it's about being a powerful regime ! remember our fathers ! #nazigermany
you're not good or white enough
your dead to my black nation your like old food when it comes to yall rising in this nation again
your saying they are getting radicalized here so we should stop vetting people that are already radicalized and let them into the country . typical liberal logic
your white privilege is showing through bro #maga
  " immigrants " " are something that happened after white people built the country . "
  " you answered my question " " no  i asked you a question . 95 % of the men who won ww2 were against interracial dating  gay marriage & the replacement of white america through mass immigration . are people with those beliefs today nazis ? "
 2 . mexico encourages their people to immigrate to the us precisely because it serves as an  " escape valve " " "
 assaults white student and blames  " white violence . " " #blm #whitegenocide #blacklivesmatter "
 but yes  there are whites who go along with the jewish agenda . they're commonly referred to as  " shabbos goys . " " "
 i have a koran sitting here next to me ! !  " kill infidels " " " kill jews " " " kill kuffars " " and u were saying ? "
 jewish activist on tv show says   " low white birth rate a good thing " " | read more : via "
 mixing easter and holocaust commemoration : literal holocaustianity !  " that jew died for you " " ... "
 poor little president victim . did you only support the  " black " " part of him ? pretty sure the " " white " " part was racist . "
 quoting meccan verses only .  " killing innocents is sin " " for a muslim  but " " innocent " " is not a kafir . "
 rt  " cuckservative " " strategy was to play identity politics with minorities and take the white vote for granted . mind-numbingly stupid . "
 rt #blacklivesmatter :  " i hope they kill all the white babies  kill all your grandkids " " why hasn't any 1 disavowed ? "
 rt . :  " voters on obamas #immigration plans : drop dead " " #noamnesty "
 soros the great racist promoting & funding racial hatred in the name of  " anti - racism " " . "
 what's even more disgusting is that if you give in to their agenda as a white person your  " white privilege " " is excused :d "
#conservatism  inc . unleashed the third world immigration tsunami via
#gayagenda will destabilize both white & black communities.societal collapse is in inevitable b
#germans burn down more facilities planned for non-white immigrants #auspol send them back via
' son of saul ' wins at golden globes via #withjewswelose
... my updated feeling is sadness . how have we failed our european sisters . this culture is so toxic th
2 / there is currently an unprecedented assault taking place on the free speech of american citizens by anti-white corporate interests .
80 % of americans face near - #poverty . do you want a better america ? join the american #nazi party today
84 % of all wanted criminals in copenhagen are non-white via
: 9 year old white boy commits suicide after being tormented for months by racist arabs
: anti-white un boss demands more non-white immigration into britain  despite major opposition
: black activists call for lynching and hanging of white people and cops
: black lives matter demands that white families give up their homes to coloreds via
: black slavery only matters when it can be blamed on white southerners . or when it can make white sj
: rt : four reasons why iran is worse than the islamic state via
: when will you stand up for yourselves white america thugs attack whites #bamo #teaparty #tcot #ucot #ocra ...
: would have been better stated : ' top pig of iran's navy ... '
> how is white supremacy bad for white ppl ? > white supremacy without non-white inferiority ? > without white supemacy america is amexico
a huge error-racial groups are loyal to their blood first . it's natural for a racial group to strive for domination .
a world without white people : a visual look at a mongrel future via .
all white people should be afraid and and all white cops should quit
amazing they are betas after all - priceless . gorilla mindset is for loser cucks !
amen ! i am so sick of seeing white men with asians while white women sit home .
amusing how few keralites sanctimoniously advise rest of india when own backyard reeks of minority communalism
another example of a video that i could have used to convince jewish liberal friends had it not stated that jews arent white .
another reason to be disturbd by the america-hating  jihad enabler in white house rt : such a peaceful religion ...
another white man shot by blacks over confederate flag on his car via
anti-white filth .
are patriotic native white jews permitted to join to stop the invading muslims ?
are you talking about the same white supremacists who saved your people from genicide ?
aryans will never forget the massacre of german aryans
because #blacklivesmatter is an anti white hate group .
because they're anti-white . they have hatred for our whiteness . because they see a rise in white identity and whites shedding their guilt .
best decision a jew could make to further the cause of white aryan genocide.make him take a lie detector test
black activists call for lynching and hanging of white people and cops via
black lives matter calls for white deaths so they are another hate group .
black man pleads guilty to murdering white samaritan  shot him to death .. #tcot #blackviolence
blacks are 1/6 white population . shoot someone at random 5/6 chance they are white .
blah blah blah save the shitlib bs  its ok to white is not hate speech unless you hate white people ! ! !
but somehow this is not racist  hate speech ? meanwhile trudeau moves to criminalize islamophobia .. in canada ! #muslimmole
disgusting hypocrisy . this vile  anti-lgbtq organization secretly raised  knew of homosexual assault  covered up and did nothing .
diversity means less white
does the white race have the right to live ? look at the trends . our leaders say no ! #kalergi plan of #whitegenocide
enforcement of borders is ' racist ' ? this is the most naive comment i've read in a while . are you racist if you lock the doors to your home ?
english rose - warriors of the rose white music for white people #wpww #oi
every prez disappoints . just do what is right . israel = good model for whites . i'm leery of jews  but wish them well in israel .
fact : 90 % of all interracial crime in usa is black on white #swrm #blackonwhite via
fight white genocide ! #whitegenocide #jewishsupremacy
for some reason you are so full of hate . that is what is not understood . saying we are white privileged . who you follow shows who you are . i would not be proud .
former cop and author james lancia & i discuss his book  political correctness  jewish supremacy & #whitegenocide
funny how you never hear about white men raping women in black neighborhoods . i know 2 white women who '
german people dont want the invasion  traitorous politicians admit as poll shows 71 % ...
guns don't kill people . leftwing racist journalists kill people .
happy #easter and happy birthday to adolf #hitler
hate ? have you heard of white slave trade in israel ?
hate is from radical islamic jihadists  look at the eu  y kill men women and children all innocents
he told the world : the immortal words of adolf hitler ( video ) via powerful images  prophetic words
heroic 13 year old white girl stops brutal black robber-killer in south africa ! read more : via
how dare white people want to exist as a race ! that is racism unless it's a non-white race wanting to think tribally ! those bigots !
how did blacks get to america in the first place ? hmmm ... by the way white population is shrinking cuz they're killing themselves .
i agree . we need to understand islamic ideology and the threat it poses .
i dont need a group to tell me that whites should be revered or preserved or protected or special ... im not afraid of being replaced
i just love your silly nonsense defense of islam . isis is bad . sorry !
i killed my own child  but i deeply care about my race said no one ever #altright
i really hate neocons like  but not black people . it is not your fault that you are black .
i work in healthcare and all our overdoses are white people . media cant exploit the deaths of white people . they're using the minority pop .
i'm anishinaabeg from deshkan ziibi . goodnight white pride !
if jews and arabs want war w each other  please go ahead . but not in white countries & w / o us .
if you ask me white kids should stay away from most black kids .. black youth are extremly hostile and negative in america these days .. sad but true
if you don't put your money where your mouth and heart are then you don't care . donate to a pro-white organization today !
in the jewish-dominated and increasingly anti-white new south  ...
is not a white supremacist organization . theyre promoting the assertion of white identity in order to help combat the issues our country is facing as a result of anti-white hatred and discrimination along with uncontrolled immigration
islam is not a race  therefore you cannot be racist for criticising it . that's simple .
islamaphobia is symptom of islamic terrorism ! kill terrorism & muslims will kill islamaphobia ! it's up 2 them
it's okay to be fellow white
its all fun and games as long as the muds are terrorizing whites that is the jew plan but when they turn on the jew all of a sudden they are terrorist
jews have their own ethnostate yet dehumazice any white gentile who wants the same . hypocrites .
jihad pays . trudeau to give $ 8m & apology to ex-gitmo jihadi who murdered an american soldier . this isn't ...
just like a secular jew / christian
know ... what #modi ji has done for hindus so far ! ! . 1 ) more than 30000 ngos are banned which causes christian ...
me too yet they allow islamic hate preachers in that want to kill us ! !
mixing of white and non-white is wrong nothing good comes out of it !
mostly white flight sadly  this is a beautiful state  invaded by idiots and 3rd world
nathan - why is a jewish person taking your place ? i thought it was about saving the white european race and culture ?
new black panther leader says he's gonna hunt down and kill white people via
no wonder white men are committing suicide.rubio runs anti-white men campaign & their wives & daughters support him !
not all government is bad . it is just a gross waste of taxpayer dollars to subsidize black people
not he ones that want global sharia #shariafree2016
nothing . white people are targeted for genocide in our own lands . we must love and defend one another in order to preserve our heritage .
now all you have to do is ask yourself ... do the jews really think they can control the muslims after the white man is gone ? ? ?
o germans ! ! unite and rise to save fatherland & your honour from muslim invaders
obama created this level of misguided hate in america ! these people are feral animals  who
obama declares war on white people seeking jobs or education  wants to increase anti-white racial quotas : #sotu
obama knows that and is why he has a sharia czar in the whitehouse
of course they bc the msm hates and wants to destroy the white race bc we are the greatest race ever . w
of course tinder was founded by two jews . no surprises .
of course white people have the right to exist  because modern civilization makes us white
oh yeah real nice  keep the borders open for god sake . this is disgusting . we need our borders shut !
only black thugs who rob stores and fight white cops and die lives matter .
only certain groups of whites are degenerate .
our women the most beautiful . long live the white aryan race !
panic stricken owaisi get into rabble rousing muslims #myjihad bjp #gopinathmunde mumbai uttar pradesh
patriotic germans demand angela merkel be hung for attempting to genocide the german people via
proving that the opposition to white nationalists are degenerates !
r u stupid ? there is no white irish person .. irish is a race.white is not.to call yourself white already puts u in the same culture
race mixing is more and more popular in the united states va
rachel . i love your sweetness . white women are the angels of the . w
really wow . i don't hate anyone . it's you who hate . you can't bring yourself to say white lives matter
sadly islamist #palestinians don't want peace with jews . what they want is eternal victimhood death to #israel . #bds
same jew mindset who used islamic to invade christian europe  spain
selma anti-white crapfest now in full swing | incog man
social justice = black allowed to kill white .
spanish are white . some have mixed genes due to islamic occupation  but most are white .
steve king : obamas #immigration move would trigger constitutional crisis
sure have open borders look what it's done for europe . europe is gone
the antifa are white supremacist pretending to be against hate  but then spread fear to start war.we dont hate even when we disagree .
the beast as saint : the truth about martin luther king jr . #swrm via
the democratization of nations was the opening for which islam has waited a thousand years .
the extermination of the white race : facts about britain and non-white immigration | more :
the fact is the best way to have a nice life is to move to a majority white country . what happens when those countries are no longer white ?
the loudest clamor to bring in refugees was made by these same stupid white women #karma
the people doing the telling are extreme racists . anti-white . ( any one with the vote ( or weapon ) has the power to be sexist & racist )
the statistics didnt say that . but the people perceives more violence due above all to the african migrants
there is no prohibition to kill infidels in the quran  but many commands to kill .
these people are so evil that they even kill fellow muslims .
these thugs don't care about race . that's a cover there using . they hate and want to destroy america .
they are all heros to the black community . make no mistake a whole lot of black people hate white people ! !
they better stary with 2:106 of koran & though written for jew objection can be applied to all of the korans hate / intolerance
they have no rights as illegals
they hurt white people  they are full of hate just like the left  they are original de
this is so ridiculous .. over 100 years ago ! ! blacks sold one another to whites  it was wro
this is the future of white people in america if we do nothing via
total bullshittrump did not blame #unitetheright unitrump knows where the * real * hate and violence
translation : in short ; all of the troubles of the american black  no matter how complicated or insignificant  is the fault of white people . as black people we are faultless and blameless for any and all of our troubles . now ! white people  fix our problems for us .
uh white lives matter ?
wealthy white people are taxed and their income is redistributed to sustain 40 % of black people in ms on snap ebt
when they feel like it  wouldn't care about jewish power if the pro-white jews outnumbered anti-white jews .
where was the rebuke from people when blm given key to white house - ppl was being political correct afraid of being called a bigot or racist
which non white populations do you demand ' mix ' and ' blend ' their countries out of existence  anti white ? #whitegenocide
white americans kill the most americans . let's get rid of you  using your logic but using facts instread of false hate propaganda
white genocide accelerates in england : white british pupils will be outnumbered by 2037 via
white genocide in south africa : black witchdoctor found cooking white afrikaner via
white genocide in the united states of america a 100 year history #swrm #whitegenocide #usa via
white guilt is a helluva drug
white identity will not be ( ( ( deconstructed ) ) )
white lives are important !
white massive revolution !
white men built america . western civilization is the best .
white minority eradication :
white people don't need to be better in order to organize for their own survival . remem
white people hating immigration  that's a real shocker
white power company : power to our people via
white pride worldwide hooded sweatshirt very via
white resistance ! #migrantcrisis
white resistance increases as minority status looms | read more : via
white supremacists were less than . 02 of the pop before they amped up the war on white people . that numbers tripled . they are forcing this .
why ? what have taking in refugees done for germany / eu ? she must b getting side money to destroy europe
why do colored people eagerly run to white countries to be oppressed ?
xenophobia is not immoral . it's used an an insult and a way to try to shame people about their natural patterns of thought .
ya right because u are taught to hate people & even kill them ! according to jihad !
yes white people are native americans . indians are pre colombians . white people built america . don't like it ? get out .
you are a white anti white  the worst kind .
you are wrong and so is the guy that wrote that article . this is a white country . the american flag belongs to us .
  " : racist black thugs shoot white baby in the face for the fun of it va " " "
  " race problem " " = white problem.diversity is the final solution to the white problem.diversity means #chasingdownwhites . "
  " white supremacist " " is just an anti-white hate slur used to silence whites who protest their own genocide . #stopwhitegenocide "
 alt-right efforts ought be focused on one reachable goal . return to pre - ' 65 laws is doable  coz these  " happy days " " law's effects are known . "
 and his black minions are still answering to da  " white man " " talcum x ! "
 as riots rage   " moderate " " palestinians circulate lie about israel trying to destroy al-aqsa mosque in 1969 : ... "
 dont celebrate yet.they like to call some of the brown population white.our jails here are full of  " white " " illegals from south of the border "
 he attacked  " white supremacists " " ( i . e . all white people ) but not #antiwhite #antifa . "
 i know  when they leave it  they call them  " brainwashed " "  when white conservatives prove leftist black folk wrong  they're called racist . "
 identity europa unfurls their banner emblazoned with  " you will not replace us . " " #redicelive "
 if white heritage and #whiteculture is  " hate " " then bring on the " " hate " " . "
 is trying to preserve a western culture that was cultivated by white europeans   " white supremacy " " ? "
 latest track   " ethnostate 2088 " " "
 of course the  " holocaust " " didn't happen - it's a false  anti-german propaganda campaign . "
 rt : :  " there are ties to the #muslimbrotherhood in the white house . " " "
 rt : will a  " collapse " " lead to a resurgence in white identity ? #tcot #race "
 rt condemns trump for stoking  " the enmity of all muslims . " " their poor  precious feelings ! #nrorevolt "
 rt good luck - they all vehemently and actively oppose the concept of white nations . it's  " racist " " "
 rt interior sec'y salazar pushing for  " hispanic " " national parks . next : asian n . p .  islamic n . p .  etc ... "
 sure . indeed  fact that anyone engaged in white identity politics is called a  " racist  " " on "
 uk :  " this flat is for blacks only " " : shocking racist campaign to force white mum out of home via "
 watch the  " greatest story never told " " and retweet and dispells the lies that contributes to white hate ! "
 we need more  " racist people " " like you . haha tired of the left trying to use the race cad . obama created this divide . "
 wha whattt ? so they are saying   " us  and our white allies  support black people killing each other and committing violence against whoever " " "
 whites defending themselves against #antiwhite attackers is  " racist " " ! anti-racist is a code word for #antiwhite . "
#charlottesville a day that will go down in white history
#whitepeople are the most hated & oppressed group in the us  yet the majority of whites have done nothing but shrug and change the channel .
' holocaust ' debate / comments / news holocaust hoax day 23 january : i visited dermot mulqueen over the anniv ...
( ( ( fellow white ) ) )
( ( ( hello my fellow white people . ) ) )
( ... but keep the pipeline open for white people ... shhhhh )
10 % weren't . also  crime is dropping in nyc b / c black and brown people know the cops are watching them .
: are you a national-socialist / white nationalist ? are you in this struggle for fun or do you want to win ? new anp report : ...
: by falsely accusing people of being racist  you grotesque libs have been the real racist all along .
: great new posts at ! white america awake rally this july 23rd !
: if we enforce anything  especially radical sharia  above the constitution  we are traitors to our o ...
: learn abt islamic terror follow #mumbaiblasts
: rt : the media is fake news . the splc and adl have no legitimacy . they hate white people and the south
: stuff black people don't like - sbpdl : newark in 2012 : the predictable result of freedom . # t ...
: this guy earns his daily bread by spreading #hate now they are pinning half white crime's on 100 % aryan / white peopl ...
: you are such a bigot defending jihadists who want to kill us . that is sad .
academics have told us  from their great wisdom  that all white skin is racist . if i lived where everyone is white  would i still be racist ?
all blacks came from white people ! the sons of god were white !
all the racist are far left white racists = kkk ( dem ) black #racists = blm ( dem ) c the patte
and germany is beating sweden in the race for white survival ! !
and goes on to blame black and asian overrepresentation on white privilege . white people can't win !
another benefit of having trump in the white house . us citizens & legal taxpayers should not be paying taxes to support illegal aliens .
anti-white weimerica .
antifa hate whites . many are self hating white psychopaths ...
are you a white person that looks  or a white person that helps ? a national-socialist acts with kindness & compassion
be realistic the emigrants take a jobs than neither white or black americans like to do .
because lesbian jews should be telling whites how to raise their kids .
because white people are smart enough to get out of the rain ?
beware the average white man via
biological difference between white civilization & black civilization . race is bone-deep . dna manifests differently .
black hood is the new white hood . no difference . neither can handle speech you dont agree with . i cant wait to see one of your little cowards . bam ! in the face .
black on white crime . specifically targeted because they're white :
black people say they want to kill white people  with hillary clinton it may happen
black student unions unmolested  but white ones banned all over . is there a conspiracy to suppress white identity ?
blacks are denied access to credit for the simple reason that they are less responsible with money
blm is a racist hateful group
boy  white women know how to choose ' em .
but you can't praise a european identitarian movements then turn around a condemn an american identitarian movement . we have the same goals .
capitalism  like communism  is an enemy of the white race .
cong stooges in msm who underplay the darkest event in indian history #emergency have the gall to accuse cong's opponents of fascism .
creativity is the only hope for white people . - white people are the best -
david lane : open letter to the dead white race | read more :
didn't say you were . im not polish but i support polish nationalism . actually arab nationalism for that matter  palestine is being colonized
dirty left-wing scum ! #abortion #crueltyfree #ireland #whitegenocide
does white supremacy make black women kill their babies at planned parenthood ?
ebony editor isn't sure killing white people should be considered a ' hate crime ' via
elder you are absolutely right . race has been a tool of the democrap party to villify white people and foster division .
eu multikulti enthusiast expresses view of the elite but ignores reality of indian subcontinent  south
everybody wanted to hate the white man  but it's the white man who you run to for protection ... seems about white
everything worthwhile in a society is white supremacy .
extermination of the white race : real facts about britain and non-white immigration | read more : via
fact : 90 % of all interracial crime in usa is black on white #swrm via
form pagan clubs  can't deny clubs based on religion and nonwhites can't be european pagans .
funny how being pro-white is now considered hate .
go forth and make white children .
good ! man i'd hate to be a native born white in any of those cities .
happy birthday to the greatest leader of the 20th century ! #420 #happybirthdayhitler
he is ranting because the alt-lite has collapsed . the alt-right is being proven right about civic nationalism ...
his muslim faith requires him to subjugate you or kill you
how many americans & their dreams must die @ th hands of illegal aliens b4 we secure our borders
i guess white lives dont matter if they kill themselves with opioids and heroine
i see that all the time  too . i think the mixed race baby figures are underestimated . white women have gone nuts for this path to single motherhood .
i wish i could understand what makes some white people embrace their own extinction . are they sleepwalking ?
i'd disagree  i enjoy following him to see his paranoia and persecution complex that all white people are against him . the brutha tweets nothing but anti white  alleged ws and anyone who is contrary is a ws  his hate furthers racism and brings no one closer together #truedat
i'm not sure you can be called a racist . that isn't the way it works anymore . i'm a white man so that makes me a racist automatically .
i'm sorry but perhaps ur misunderstanding me . while black people as a % r far & away the biggest users of govt assistance  i'm certainly not
i've even seen polling that puts us closer to 9 %  but still we already have the numbers for a nice little ethnostate .
if a non-white wants a white person to be fired or exiled etc.all they need to do is claim the white p
if you're white and you adopt non whites  you're a race traitor whether you realize it or not .
in us  black lives matter is not racist but kkk is ? questions about sincerity and seriousness . if blm is not racist  kkk cannot be .
iran must give up islam  you are our aryan bretheren ; save yourself ;
is capitalism the death warrant of the white race or is capitalism simply a means for western society to function without prejudice ?
is it criminal to want a white america ? lets talk about the founders ideas for
islam just being islam  no matter where in the world . it's all the same  kill kill kill #islamistheproblem
issue of #illegalbangladeshimuslims together with the higher fertility rate among muslims possesses more danger 2 india than the isis itself
it goes way deeper than skin . racial iq  k / r selection  evolutionary psychology  etc .
it is open proclaimed war against global white minority race  we strongly condemn all attempts to undermine whites
it is strong social bonding that propels citizens to work honestly . this is national socialism inherent .
it is tragic ... because the white race has accomplished so much and we are responsible for so many great
its time we make a serious push for the ethnostate . if we could get 30-40 million whites to wake up it could happen
jews are not white .
jews have aipac  splc and the adl . why is it white europeans can't have the alt-right ?
let's organize a #buildthewall standoff protest in washington the biggest and boldest protest by whites ever
liberal scientists developing method to make white people less resistant to non-white invasion #lol #swrm #whiterace
lincoln should of let the south go now we have a ridicuolously divided country
many thanks to all of you who have retweeted our tweets ! ! we appreciate it 88 ! #hitler #wpww #whitepride
many whites are waking up to the wonder and pride of being white . defend your race and culture . white americans are america
mcconnell is pro-jewish ~ he was annoyed by my anti-semitic comments for a time
minneapoliss first somali policeman murders white woman : no media racist uproar #swrm via
mlk walked over edmund pettus . white people built it .
modern definition of racist : any white person who doesn't hate other white people enough to please leftists and non-whites .
nah not really i once let a black kid beat me in cod just so he'd feel better about himself
new black panther party got suspended for posting about jews . dont worry  anti-white hate and threats of violence is still allowed on the platform .
newsflash : incompetent cuckold masquerading as journalist spreads anti-white hate : promotes replacement of europeans
nice frankfurt school esque deconstruction and pathologization of white identity . looking forward to the same for blacks and jews . u won't .
no  no  no  it was clearly a white  heterosexual  cisgendered white man staring the fire  he just blamed the nearest black man .
no  that's always been the term #etymology rt : nope  but ' racist ' is the new n word for white people .
no . white pride isn't made up . white privilege is made up .
normal white person > its okay to be white clown world response > youre fired and banned from any traditional employment opportunities for the rest of your life
obama to announce amnesty in las vegas . no better place to gamble away our countrys future . #noamnesty #trueimmigrationreform #vegas
obama wears a ring with arabic letters spelling out the beginning of the shahada there is no god but allah .
oh  huff po ... if you only knew the hate that flows in the white american male ...
only racists  are the anti-white racists who think the racist slur  racist has any power . it doesn't .
or as paul gottfried put it  white nationalism is good 4 the jews
our next challenge is to make the alt-right not just something you believe  but something you do . each must work toward our advancement .
pastors take note ; white architect designed your church  whites built it  whites paid for it . white supremacy = good
people jews should worry more about than linda sarsour the forward
pl . enjoy fuhrer jokes ! ! laughing the whole time !
poland  the other country aspiring to be a dictatorship ? is preserving white heritage that important to you ? move there if you hate america so much .
populist = american . so racist is code for anti-white  populist = american . as opposed to rentier transients .
proletariat = brown people  bourgeoisie = white people
race realist and proud white alt-righter using color of crime references
really wanted him to be white !
right . white men didn't kill all the jews  so the jews are
sigh . i'm done . they are melenated people . stop trying to white wash them
slaves to rich leftists 2014 : the liberal left is always bashing white southerners and all white people for su ...
take in millions of these european refugees  changing demographics overnight . many kenyan cities become majority-white and high white ...
talk about how americas enemies are aipac  cristian zionists  fox news / cnn legal immigration  trump admin & other whites like them .
thailand : muslims murder six people  including three-year-old boy ... #islam #islamophobia #tcot
thank you ! time to stop white flight & start the white fight !
that is what #diversity is . erasing and replacing white people .
that's why white conscientious has exploded . whites are realising this is an existential mom
the #trucons inside the #cagopconvention are probably ready to surrender to the mexican forces . california isn't the hill to die on .
the california gop convention is under siege by protesters with mexican flags
the new crime is cww criticizing while white because obama supporters easily dismiss whites who criticize their messiah as racist !
the oregon militia action of 2016 . #altright #secondamendment #trump2016 #whitepride #whiteprivilge
the real racism in america is against white people and the neocon support of open borders is the ethnic destruction of america !
the replies show just how important it is to be pro-white in these anti-white times .
the southern poverty law center almost got me killed . why does the media still propagate its hate map ?
the white europeans r righteously angry . vote #trump2016 cause white anger here will b more devastating than imaginable .
the white genocide continues : white race now a minority in three more uk towns and cities ! read more : by
their motive is to kill those who don't conform literally to the koran and hadith .
then join your family and fix your future #altright #whitenationalist npievents redice
there is no place for a white man in the democrat party .
they want to remove white people from their own history . #whitelivesmatter
they're coming to america for whatever their reasons are  but they're changing the west . whites are becoming unwelcome in their own lands .
this mentality is exposing your hate . ask yourself if victimhood is a choice of your own or some weird marxism zombie control . you are making the norm of america who are not racist like you go into survival mode . what is happening ? you think whites have it easy ? this is so weird
throughout #islam 1400 year history they always use the blacks as their army to kill white people .
to me  it comes from other whites . whites with funny accents  that aren't from around here . rather than from poc .
total annual cost of illegal immigration to american citizens is expected to surpass $ 1 trillion dollars by end of 2017
truth is in understanding and the is that and more . ignorance is inexcusable . rasing the bar of excellence in #whitepride
usa was formed by white people for free white people long be
war on the whites might be real  but ie isn't pro white . true white are heathen  not christ cucks .
we are all white supreemists to the msm . optics ? they'll make their own bad optics to fit the fake stor
we could save the lives of police officers and cut law enforcement costs by disarming black people . #nra #tcot
we do not have to except unvetted immigrants obama's scheme to alter america's make up ..
we need a unite the south rally . an alt-south meeting of the masses .
we need strong christian men and churches . these cucks are willingly destroying our people .
well jeb ! is a white #antiwhite traitor ...
what does she mean ? she is white . they hate white ppl . they hate themselves . why would you reproduce mo
what percentage of blacks have white friends ? could it be that it's natural to prefer your own race ?
when are you and going to partner with to stand against anti-white hate & bullying ? love is love .
where are ethnic norwegians going to ? they had better get their boats and invade us again ! we need back up .
white . proud . no . apologies .
white colonization is the only colonization that ever helped another race
white man's downfall continues : white race now minority in london via
white men  think you are a child .
white pride knows it  the world white heritage union knows
white student union offensive  but anti-white student union is welcome at toronto university via
who doesn't love the kkk
yes evidently spreading racist anti white  anti western lies and propaganda . europe has gone muslim . are you jew
you are so right . why r muslims commanded to kill all jews by muhammad ? love ?
you bet usa needs borders ! we need to protect us jobs / citizens  stop passing drugs etc ! ! trump will get a wall !
you stand for cultural decay  degeneracy  and anti white movements .
you're the only independent white person  the others are slaves to jews  iranians  pakistanis  moslems
youth are hungry for a white resurgence . we are the future .
  " : the future of europe belongs to you  white man ! via " " ; so few :( "
  " hate " " is codeword for " " white ethnic interest " " " diversity " " is codeword for " " less whit "
  " kill the unbelievers where ever you find them " " - koran . "
  " no  black conservatives would never cared about race ! " " said every white cuckservatives "
  " un data says sweden had 2nd highest rate of rape in the world . data suggest uptick is due to immigrants " " violent ... "
  " white nationalism isn't the way to go  " " said the zionist . "
  " white privilege " " is the privilege you enjoy of living in a civilized white majority society "
 3 ) here is another example of #portland organizer jake von-ott being  " not a white supremacist " " "
 everyone isn't  " comingling " " only white people and white countries have to " " comingle " " "
 forming white interest groups and advocating for our own communities is not  " racist . " " white identity politics is the future . "
 heard of  " white privilege " " ? the entire concept is to make white people feel bad that we are white . it's original sin for whites . "
 i will take  " merit based " " immigration  should weed out third worlders "
 if the low iq browns continue this anti-white rhetoric maybe it'll entice  " whitey " " to do the white thing : support his own tribe . wake up ! ! "
 isn't that funny ... u will believe he's guilty & if he's not it had 2b bcuz of  " white privilege " " .. so he's guilty 2u no matter how it turns out . ur neither tolerant nor excepting . u r the very epitome of racist ! i'll tell u what  let me know where the white privilege line is  i need it ! "
 it would have much more success with normies and i don't like being rude or hating non-whites who are sometimes decent people ... inb 4  " cuck " " "
 lol 6 straight decades of  " white ppl are the enemy & need to die " " articles = " " americans " " "
 native german children forced to cook & clean for muslim immigrants as part of  " work experience " " via "
 nice  kill white people  wowlots of love blacklivesmatterseattle :  " we need to start killing people " " via "
 rt : #greggpopovich says white people should be more  " uncomfortable " " and admit their white privilege . as a black man i call hi "
 rt : video about the #jewish  " federal " " reserve and how your money is manipulated and stolen . #endthefed #taxes "
 rt blacks and browns looking out for their best interest ? wonderful ! whites do the same ?  " cause for concern " " . "
 rt oh yeah thats not white geocide at all . not anti white racist at all . imagine saying  " raising black families is dangerous . " " " " ali families . " " "
 rt video :  " exterminate all whites " " says jew professor noel ignatiev | more : "
 the cross being a symbol of christendom and equal to  " white people " " in the white mind . "
 when we achieved  " progress  " " men lost their women  women lost their true identity  & children lost direction in the home . "
 white people have many cultures ! ! ! just visit europe  which you obviously have never done . there isn't a singular  " white " " culture . "
 yeah ut i the tweet i read you basically said it was just to lure antifa away ..  " and they fell for it "
#british #imam tells media that #muslim #rapists are motivated by race and religion przez #islam
#istandwithcommonsense it is not islamophobia when they really want to kill us
#italy jihadi talked about fastening his belt to reach heaven #islam #islamophobia #tcot
#sodomybasedmarriage & racist israel has more public support than white people advocating for basic human rights .
& muz b'hood = hate . these ppl want to kill us & destroy our way of life . must be classified as terror org . ban sharia law . god bless
. islamic reformists are free to attempt the impossible.meanwhile  west must de-islamise  before it's too late .
. jews founded the frankfurt school . which created cultural marxism  the anti-white ideology
1.7 million muslim / arab citizens in israel.jordan law : no jew may be citizen or own landso who's racist ?
1.8 million invaders in germany since 2014
2 ) srinivas kuchibhotla  alok madasani . i believe that is more victims of white supremacy than isis in
: four adopted children  not a single one white . what kind of self-loathing and / or white savior complex caus
: i wish i didn't hate white people
: is burning whites the new knock out game for blacks ?
: italy is close to collapse from african immigration #p2 #tcot
: liberal scientists developing methods to make white people less resistant to non-white invasion
: lies . jews like really want white goyim to fight iranian goyim so they can kill us both off at the same tim
: most people were ok with rebel battle flag  confederate
: raymond ibrahim : the muslim will vs . the western way
: swedish patriots burn down more facilities for non-white invaders
a white guy who refuses to be disrespected and has the audacity to stand up for himself . every cuck in america is outraged
a white woman leading a bunch of violent black men ... no wonder white women want diversity . kinda like when lenin wanted the tsar dead .
according to leftists  we need to get rid of white people in general . you have legitimized white nationalism . thank you .
ah  right . i forgot  the only valid people are the straight white ones .
alt-right is anti-zionism ( jews ) and white genocide
another ad . trump is extremely dangerous to our country . sanctuary cities are not dangerous . when impeachment time comes  please vote .
another cucked country  suppression of the white man will create havoc in the long run .
anyone who continues this narrative against milo after that press conference is pretty clearly doing so out of opportunism  not principle .
are you going to shoot up some people now too ? white people are dangerous
are you not happy you whites do not need welfare . change places .
as long as we take jews word for it that they are emphatically not white .
as the hindutva nationalists start whitewashing the cruelty of islamic invaders  time has come to teach them history !
atheist  marxist  communist  are child molester sodomites . that is the fuhrer adolf hitler victimized
because the media do not care if your white and are attacked by leftist  illegals  or any other race
because the whites in charge are self-hating . they're still in charge though . white supremacy . :/
berlin is the new jerusalem : more and more israeli jews moving to germany #swrm via
bernie bros are entitled white males via #maleprivilege #culturalmarxism #feminismiscamcer #democrats
bill warner  phd : moderate muslims cannot save us #foxnews #cnn #abcnews #kafir
black lives matter has helped trump more that they have helped solve any problems in their communities  congrats  you played yourself ;)
blacks & latinos attack & kill white people daily  but  when blacks or latinos attack & kill cops it's a big deal ? #secede #tcot
boots with swastika design causes jewish outcry va
but after last night  white self hating baby boomers are trying to make there ca
by that logic the united states police should go kill all the white heroi
by your own metric  whites are far more oppressed than jews
call them what they are - they are anti-white they want to turn every european / white country non-white  that's where all their policies lead to - they need to be on the defense for pushing genocide  you should be on offense
cause - effect reversed ? white people made their space the best place to live .
congrats hunter . disqus putting the ban hammer on you before means you are doing it right .
crazed relative of mixed race who can't pass the test and blames every white for saying why .
dear jewish people  stop pretending to be white when it suits your interests.sincerely  an actual white person
dr . david duke : will the white race survive ? ( video ) | read more : via
dr oz looks white ~ many turkish live in us look white
elderly white people are a problem that hasn't as of yet been addressed . their programming is obsolete .
end all non white european immigration . set up a resettlement program to rescue white south africans .
eventually the non white leftists will turn on their white comrades ( its already happening ) + kill !
found in history proof cameron hates white british ... heres a racist ! !
fuggedaboutit  its over . we lost . th jews won . the rising tide of color against white world-supremacy * * *
future white jihadist inshatler
german and indeed all white race is to be saved from barbarians  even if it involves use of nuclear weapons
getting beat up at us flag rallies would be great for our cause at this point . show how much they hate heritage white america
happy mother's day to all the loving  hard-working #aryan moms out there . we are fighting for you ! #whitepride
he did bashed white people ... jew is a religion you fool ...
he was clearly a white inferiorist of michael moore proportion
help keep the muslim and commies on the run to honour your based ancestors friend .
hi hunter . would you tell me what happened at lee circle ? what was that about and who is the idiot wearing the tin can ?
hindus have been fed antihistory to incite self hatred as a prelude to conversion and perpetual slavery to the white race .
how deep is the poz ? #withjewswelose
how fair are you ? no programs for families when white supremacist citizens kill immigrants ?
how racist and stupid are you people . wall = lunacy . go bob casey !
i challenge you to a iq test ... we can take the test on live stream video and have someone go over the rest results so the entire world can see ... do you take me on that challenge ? call me at 404-923-0255 - winner has to pay the loser $ 500
i get a racist vibe from u caroline not that ur white more like a lesser mexican country
i have seen this woman on youtube she is fantastic and so knowledgeable on muslim history and their infestation of the western world
i learned a lot about those white honky crackers from the movie called ( hillary's america ) and how the kkk has evolved
i saw you at a gay night club . how can you be muslim ? #homo
i suppose european patriots do ' hate ' in the sense they hate the idea of white demise and displacement .
i think i'll continue sticking up for white people but thank you for your input .
i think it was partly because many black males hate women  particularly white women and couldn't get themselves to vote for hrc .
i would think that pro white activity in any state is a boost to all states and especially to white activists .
i'm all for white ( euro-nationalism ) and to a greater extent global nationalism . too much hate in the world
i'm from the south  and i'm sorry but white identity > southern identity
i'm glad your white bubble makes you happy . live in it all you want . your loss .
i'm sure we can't preserve civilization with your babies . other people's  maybe . #racistscum #bigotry #whitesupremacists
i'm waiting for the left to call that killer in virginia a racist because he was . he killed two whites simply because they were white .
if other races can have self-care whites can too .
if you denounce these acts  you're islamphobe and you're accused of hate speech . denouncing rape = islamophobia / hate speech .
in a time where slavery was everywhere  white people were the first to stand against its horror . period . slavery is alive and well in muslim
islamic mosque built over original shri krishna janmabhumi #hdl | mosque must be destroyed now via
it is no lie that kkk is the terrorist arm of the dems #history its for dinner
it may be stigmatized  but it is real ; the us flag is losing relevance for all us whites  one knee at a time .
it's a shame and a disgrace that mexico doesn't want to take care of its own citizens !
jared taylor is an #antiwhite #cuckservative and his supporters are traitorous trash .
jews push 4immigration and white genocide :
jews who are pro-western don't join those organizations . they join organizations like because they see themselves as white .
just did a round table show on w / and - should be out in a few days . #refugeescrisis & #whitegenocide
just mad because we stand by trump ! ur not immune frm terrorists  bill-they hate elite white men !
just proves how totally clueless you are . i am sick of talking abt black ppl . i only know ppl . i dont put ppl in boxes . if they have similar interests & values that r consistent with mine they r called friends . if you want to trade insults with someone find some juvenile libtard
just remember poorer countries equal to more violence . not sure why you favorited that guy's post .
let him whine for his illegals money
lmao fat feminists ghost tweet anti-white vitriol from beyond the grave
mahalia brazile tells falsehoods about beloved at #communist #stockton  university in the foreign nation of california .
make sure you convert their wive's sons while you're there
maybe because all these black people would rob and shoot the first white person they see come in there ?
maybe you should look at the jewish control of america before calling white
mcauliffe is a total hypocrite ! he had the gaul to disavow white supremacy ... fine yet supported riots & assaults on djt sptrs & blm's hate !
media is no more corrupt or clean than politicians  bizmen and even ngos ... it is following yug dharma .
mexicans and mestizos aren't white . spaniards are white .
mmmm according to the quran those who do kill are true muslims . those that don't kill are hyp
more white people ... like you ?
mt . any religion is better than islam . #tcot #bansharia #banislam
muslims kill meditating buddhists in sri lanka
next it will be : if a white male and white female reproduce  they produce an unfair advantage to non-whites .
no . u would need to eliminate life of mohammed & parts of the koran that take place in medina . hasn't been done in 1400 yrs .
nope  but ' racist ' is the new n word for white people .
nothing is bad about it ... unless you are a poor white supremacist .
okay so you're the ethnonationalist spencer and he's the racist spencer ?
or ... maybe your super thinks white people are the devil and won't fix your sink ?
our immigration policy is run by white eugenics goons from cis and  they are in wh  dhs and want america to be white .
our parties are both corrupt  i think i'll move back south where my ancestors lived and join the sn movement
people who think #whitelivesmatter is racist are clearly racist against white people .
people without paper allowed to vote
pl . don't be guided by ifs lobby ; take punitive action against switzerland for not sending back black money
please kill urself hunter
poor judgement ? the optics are a complete back pedaling .
punisher cuck for sure . he is more coherent & knows what he is doing yet still does it . cuck knight is
putting 95 year old germans on trial and ignoring muslims raping their way across europe . sounds logical .
racist bubble ? you mean one where we're constantly exposed to anti-white rhetoric ? give me a break .
racist old white guys are the only thing standing between you and extinction . #learntoloveus
rahowa is what skinheads and white supremacists call a future desired race war .
re : alt-right white nationalists are stupid via
religion of peace wants to kill all the jews  now indian-muslims want to kill 1 b hindus in 15 mins . via
remember : these non white hoards will be dropping litters for decades to come ! america buried in a mudslide + republicans smile !
retweeted national socialist ( ): #germany could bypass sweden as the muslim rape ...
rising 3rd world invasion in britain : 69 % of school children in london are non-white | read more : via
sam francis observed the emergence of an american people of the white race ( mars ) .
saturday night live celebrates the end of the white race | daily stormer
saving one white country at a time .
shitlibs are purging the white males for criticizing hillary :
show up * to * them . you're right though  guy's a cuck .
since the invasion of diversity good white men have to be cops and not stem students . so diversity kill
since u support trump your probably racist too like the rest of us deplorables !
so  white lives don't matter to jews in nashville ?
so  you're a black maga bro who is less concerned w / actual white supremac
so by your made up def of race then anyone who criticizes a religion is racist . especially i slam . #urkiddingme
stop anti white racism stop your hate we have a right to exist
tfw you're neurotically trying to prevent a genocide while openly committing one of your own against white people .
thanks for putting this picture up i'm a white male in south africa we are murdered in our houses becuz were white
that banner you are holding  is invented by white people  even the clothes you are wearin
that is not true ! hindus are theives they saw a white man show them
that's because is a terrorist like antifa . she's is senile and a failure . stealing tax money .
that's not what he was saying . women voting objectively caused white genocide / white demographic decline .
that's the only kind of white male who would vote for clinton . is he gay ?
thats 5 white boys . thank you  but im black
the antifa don't support genocide . you nazis do .
the democrats let the moslems change all our books about them nice hug
the fbi dir coney is a joke he loves to call white ppl racist but not a peep on muslims or black who are
the klan is part off america i'm part off america they think is funny too peace out klan together . blacks kill we all do .
the problem in the inner cities is not white silence but black violence . take responsibility for your actions and stop the race baiting now !
the sky high crime rates in the black communities kill many more people than police or white racism . #ferguson #
the us congress has condemned white nationalism . therefore  any white who stands for his own interest is an outlaw . think about that !
the violent ideology that threatens human life has to be stopped  where ever it is taught . if mosques  so be it !
the war on white people is global ... they are attacking flags and statues all over the west ... and mass murder of whites will follow .
the white european race and its age-old struggle :
the white race is generous to a fault . non-whites take advantage of that all the time  then hate white people out of envy .
their lies to blacks are going to backfire . observing a rebellion in the black community against
then get out here and procreate like rabbits  cuz so far your kind aren't . whites are now flirting with < 0 rate .
there's laws prohibiting muslim immigration to united states let alone holding governmental positions ? not one served any ww or vietnam war
they don't seem to understand western identity is white identity
they probably think the religion was hijacked by radicals and not by the moderates :-) but it's a good start ..
they simply need to enforce the border laws & reverse anti-white / anti-family propaganda . spencer's opinion is not realistic .
this is the second time in american history white man is minority . america is not white man's homeland . go back to europe .
this selfie is so white  i love it .
this thing is crushing . feels like a big defeat  all sides denying #altright #viewsfromthenotsogreatwhitenorth
this video shows that sweden has far worse traitors than even our own homegrown secularists in india ...
thousands of #amandablackburn cases are happening in every white nation and only white nations . #whitegenocide #tcot
three cheers for for daring to stand up for a people who are targeted for the ash heap of history . #globalwaronwhites
too many blacks in the south to leave . gotta cut it in half . you still can keep half . you're gonna lose them anyway . might as well make deal
treacherous  scheming jews bully germans into paying romanian holocaust survivors
true . it's the white thing to do is help ur brother or sister out
trump  the hammer  will be the one that brings down the anti-semitism laws . remember your trump vigor then .
two million arab refugees are ready to invade europe . why can't the eu just close the turkish border ?
us white cop kills black man
violent white guy ! ! !
way more money sunk into white supremacy than racial equality . there is a cure for that ... and racist lies  too .
we are forming a group to infiltrate your white supremist . we are going to impregnate all
we must learn from #history to be successful in our bid for #freedom #peace & #justice ( national-socialism ):
we must secure the existance of our people and a future for white children ! ! #rt #whitepride
we must secure the existence of our people and a future for white children !
welcome to the republican party . it's just a few people clinging to their power positions . let's fire them !
what anti-white leftists think about #brexit
what do asians say ? what about transgender fat children ? how about lesbian motorcyclists ? why are you trying to balkanise the country more ? it's almost like you have an agenda here . identity politics will destroy the left .
what evidence do you have that trump is good for white people ?
what have black people contributed to science ?
what our race has lost : a look at the last of the aryans of asia | more : via
what's even more interesting is how they pretend to care how many black people are killed regardless of who killed them . so phony !
white genocide - quotes - part 2 via
white nationalists love marble statues .
white nationalists would make a far better and more liveable america  better than some multiracial sewer !
white people are the majority of the democratic party . they just manipulate minorities . it's not a race thing . it's individual ideologies .
white people are waking up and throwing away years of white guilt  that as been pushed relentlessly by the left . #antiwhite #ukip #pegida
white people have started asking politicians  what are you going to do for white americans ? that's healthy and positive .
white pill of epic proportions incoming : we are the unassailable future via
white pill thread
white resistance increases as minority status looms #swrm #white via
white south africans trapped like frogs in boiling water as anti-white racial violence escalates #swrm #sa #africa
white supremacy is a crime against humanity .
whites can't be racist towards jews . jews have more institutional power
whites kill for white supremacy terroristic ideology . highest body count
whites tried to live in piece but indians kept attacking them .
who snoopdogg kanyewest ? you all bet ' not be talking bout god ? ! faith peddling racist misogynists ! !
why is it only white countries that are deemed to need multiculturalism ? why don't we deserve a homeland too ? white people are an endangered minority why is it ethical or moral to take their living spaces away ?
why is merkel turning germany majority non-white in a generation ? via
without white people to support blacks  blacks would go extinct in 6 months . they are too d
y believe in the noble white myth that whites are a peaceful race that never
yes we don't to be invaded my wife is white blonde and 2 mexican girl are trying to get her fired by saying she called them racist to hr
you aren't white ... go away
you can't be a independent thinker and work for a jew . attacking white racial interests / cucking for israel is usually demanded .
you had better believe it #altright #nationalism #pepe
you know how to know spencer is a jew . just say so . then it's true . ta-da !
you people are unable to  you need white people we don't need you . one way ticket to africa .
you should see sm . towns in arkansas ; majority were white 70 %  blacks 25 %  other 5 % . now . white 45 %  black 20 % & mexican ( maj . illegals ) 35 % !
you're right . trying to bow down to the jewish control and begging for ' white control ' is stupid . they
zionist . you forgot the zionist . they hate whites . #whiteback #whyiswhitewrong
zionists : marxists ; socialists ( like the dsa ) ? ! liberalist  globalist ... islamist  lgbt  & multiculturalism . nexus genocide of white people
  " : kkklanneed to report illegals contact ice 1-866- dhs - 2 - ice " " when my dad makes me mad "
  " a nation without borders is not a nation . " " - president trump #buildthewall "
  " hes a very good boy " " mt : seriously  wtf ? : gawker : let black people steal your iphone "
  " hey kids  wanna replace white people " " "
  " white genocide " " ... bs "
 #antiwhite be like  " white people in a group = holocaust "
 #jcot #tcot #jihad secular egyptian democracy lovers shouted  " jew ! jew ! " " during their brutal ... via "
 an epic win for westren civilization !  " django unchained " " was horribly racist and anti-white . "
 be an  " anti-globalist  " " support globalist agenda of mass immigration  open borders  genocide of whites . "
 caller  " whites will never get anywhere without jew leaders " " - nobody disagreed . at 45 minutes "
 gens alba conservanda est = latin for  " the white race must be saved " " "
 gob bluth stabbed by white power bill :  " white power  " " " " ( but ) i'm white . " " "
 gotta be a lame joke . like  " nonviolent jihad " " ( oxymoron ) is okay ... "
 has that silky smooth voice .  " huwhite people " " "
 hey bud  you forgot to credit yourself for screaming  " we hate white people " " . we were standing right next to you idiot #liar "
 islamic state outside white house :  " we are everywhere " " "
 lower iq and the resulting aggressive behaviours  inability to learn complex sciences  inability to self-reflect (  " kangz " "  etc ) . impossible . "
 otherwise you hear these same black people . that are ment to represent you ... say you are an  " uncle tom " "  race traitor and you know what els "
 people who call #donaldtrump a  " racist " " need to examine #barackobama furthe "
 rt  " day of judgement wont come until muslims fight the jews ... there is a jew behind me come and kill him . " " hadith book 41 "
 rt 93 - year-old german camp cook arrested by zionist authorities for  " mass killing of jews " " va "
 rt :  " i live in belfast ireland . i am an indigenous white celt . every week i see more and more non white " " 911 h ... "
 rt : 110 % correct .  " the democrat slave party sucks ! " " #maga "
 rt : sadly  muslims are like walking timebombs ! smiles  kindness   " we love america " " then boooom ! #peace "
 rt another jew pretending to be white to lecture us about  " racism " " - these people need to be deported to israel "
 rt antifa idiots turn on each other .  " you're white  you're inherently racist  it's in your blood  it's in your dna . " " this warms my heart . "
 rt back from israel  where you see  " that inner freedom  that simple dignity " " of " " people who remember their heritage & are loyal to their fate . " " "
 rt berlin : muslims chanting  " allahu akbar " " & " " jew  jew  coward pig " " . hitler would be proud . #trumpaddress #jointaddress "
 rt i enjoy these swift narrative reversals media executes between  " america was founded on white racism " " and " " america was founded on diversity " " "
 rt john friend's blog : the  " holocaust " " as a psyop "
 rt they couldn't make their message more clear :  " we are trying to replace and destroy white people because we hate you and what you've built . " " "
 so are all white americans going to be called  " borderers " " now ? "
 sooner or later  american  " patriotism " " will die in the south : "
 the white race you speak of seems hardly worth preserving .  " foisted on it by " " ? ? ? either they wanted it ... 1/2 "
 via national review : white working class towns  " deserve to die " " "
 yes  black women do tend to  " choose life " " more than white women . black women are not your " " worse enemy . " " "
 you brought up race . i didn't . you claimed our pro-freedom ads were  " racist . " " it's " " racist " " to resist jihad terror ? "
 you can't  " unify " " with people who have been actively trying to kill / replace you and your history "
 you're lying brazenly & you accuse us of  " hate " " ? it is not hate to oppose jihad terror vs . ahmadis "
#antiwhite definition of bigot : someone who objects 2 a black burning a white child 2death  the black being just a victim of white racism
#charlottesville #unitetheright & starter pack
#cuckservatives lack the moral courage to confront #radicalfeminism & #lgbtq
#powerdivision of the #liftwaffe marches on ! the crusade against bugmen continues with a 275x2 strict press !
. : ' sentencing reform ' bill rewrite will release illegal alien drug traffickers via
. clearly lgbts too stupid to know difference between psychotherapy & religious prayer ! ! #tcot
. jeb cares about mestizos ( like his wife and kids )  he seems to loath white people .
. there is dangerous power in using ' scientific ' findings to undermine gay marriage
... criticism as islamophobia and / or racist abuse because you are scared .
002 no country for white nationalist 2016-9- 20 by race and nation #fascism #nationalsocialism #altright #whitepride
186 kurdish students kidnapped by isis in northern #myjihad islam muslims modi bjp #swamyvsgandhis
1up  are you seriously calling tucker carlsonna white supremacist ? you are way losing all credibility here  my friend . what are you trying to accomplish ? 1 ) spread hate & division among races  or 2 ) make america a better place for all children to grow up in and thrive ?
: #perfidiousalbion the uk has effectively given up trying to stop jihadists from being created
: . hopes the white race will disappear - not racist ! those who complain when a muslim g
: i have done my understanding . it a about jihad . done . lesson over . doesn't take a genius .
: it is in white people's interest to support iran and syria's war against isis and globalist-semitism ( israel
: kkklanneed to report illegals contact ice 1-866- dhs - 2 - icewait i just saw this too this is horrible and disgusting wtf
: more diversity in obama's america : white couple brutally beaten by racist negroes for no reason
: video : czechs pledge loyalty to homeland and the reich ( 1942 )
<--- founded by a white spastic who hits women .
[ video ] how jew's are exploiting fashion conscious white girl's - - dr . william l . pierce via
aint that america : how witchcraft empowers queers and trans people : it ain't that great anymore
allah of the muslims is not my allah .
allowing more potential criminals to add to existing ones is racist ? did you misunderstand me or the meaning of racist ?
america's pro-white movement needs to understand that the elitists  ceos  politicians  only see one color : green for #greed #corrupt #evil
anarchy bring india down to egypt / syria / afghanistan like situation . we can't allow this media can also see thru this yet silent
and exactly why do white lives matter rallies offend american values ? white people founded this country .
and i explain why i called you a suspect a white supremacist you're literally retweeting and following people who promote theories that say whites are genetically superior than blacks on average via iq so you're definitely a suspect white supremacist
and the jews too . just kidding jews  no one believes you're white except you .
another l for the white people y'all need to get her asap
another war for israel . more white people will die for ( ( ( them ) ) ) and their greediness
anti-white shootings in nyc ?
anyone that is not muslim better be a msulim hate group cause they hate you .
are you embarrassed of your latina heritage ? in accordance with & other white nationalist groups alike  you are not white .
as soon as a white person advocates for their people they are immediately branded an evil racist . it must change .
as whites are the real minorities on earth we need to protect them from everyone else who wish to destroy them .
at least 60 white south africans were murder by racist blacks in the past two months via
because i am an honorary white person here to save the whites from #whitegenocide
been called trumpkins  stupid  misogynists  racists  white supremacists  deplorables  & russiansjust dont ever call me democrat or liberal
being white / mex i don't think i meet the requirements for but i support them . cause living in a white society is best .
blacks need pull up there pants  take a shower  put down the crack pipe get a job and stop assuming us good white folks racist !
but that wouldn't enable them to destroy white neighbourhoods .
cair national think you might be surprised how far americans can turn the clock back when we've had enough !
compensation for holocaust victims deported by rail company : seems they just found other source to milk some o ...
could white advocacy exist in a multi-ethnic society ? via
credibility of white race will be lost if they resort 2 lies & cheating on taliban & isis
defend the aryan race . they'll learn from they're wide awake nightmare
democrats & too many republicans support violent anti-american anarchists . these people have support of
detroit : the death of white civilisation #swrm #whitegenocide via
disingenuous white liberals face black crimedilemma
diversity is about chasing down white people .
diversity is code for anti-white .
diversity is not a strength . #endimmigration
do black people work in fields in central alabama ?
do white lives have any value ? your thoughts ?
do you want white people to die out ?
dogs and pigs are talking of removal of us prsident ! ! suicidal for white race
ethnic cleansing of europeans in america increased : nearly half of youth population is non-white via
europe should be white  your colonies are unnatural & unsustainable .
ferguson happened b / c a black criminal tried to kill a white cop . stop pandering to black thugs . seriously . #gotrump
get it now . these are not refugees  this is a planned invasion !
good idea . we can send white nationalists to the mariana trench . good place for a white homeland .
good york #jews dismiss black on white #rape
guadeloupe and martinique are not haiti thanks to slavery  colonialism  & white supremacy .
gun grabbers don't object to firearms . they object to white people owning them . #antiwhite #chasingdownwhites
had delhi not voted for & his party by now he would hv been in jail on charges of getting foreign funds from isi for anarchy
he better throw on a shirt  you know the bruvuhs love them a beefy white woman
hello speedy gonzales  hows it going jose ? bumped any old white people off lately ? ? oh youre hispanic huh ? kill em all you mexican devil
here's a jewish boy who's stalking me . his name is victor . i think he's gay . any idea what to do with gay jews ?
hey  you rotten politicians and lying media  keep revving up racial hatreds so blacks kill whites  cops
how do you explain the thousands of incidents of white on white domestic violence per year ? interracial dating ?
hungarian politicians protesting against invasion ! hungary is the only normal country in europe + visegrad group
hushed up german police report shows massive increase in migrants sexually assaulting children in pools #hangmerkel
i am for white separation  i hope this clarifies my position .
i am talking about the prominent jews ~ not the ordinary jews who are working class / white collar.there are a few low class
i can't stand these people saying white lives matter is racist but black lives matter isn't . even worse the white ppl with blm
i dishonor kinslayers as my ancestors always did . lefties idolizing the murderer  rapist  thug  evil again .
i generally like the populists . #altright is getting too broad with the nihilism  abortion  eugenics  anti-christianity  etc
i knew about the jew thing  of course  and i thought he was married to some mystery meat ga
i know it's not working out and i know we need to push back . people came here for econ reasons  they can leave for econ reasons . they get
i oppose it for heathy white babies . in that instance  a white ethno-state would have a clear interest in seeing a birth .
i took this haunting footage of a slaughterhouse-bound truck full of pigs  including this one who locked eyes with me for a full minute . rt !
i wonder why the white europeans are allowing muslims to take over their governments and push whites into white genocide ?
i'm pro-white  heimbach's job is to drive people away from white identity . attacking him is doing the lord's work  i should get a medal .
i'm sorry to say that when indians are attacked in america it is usually b / c white people thought they were muslim .
i'm white and i'm ready to fight
i'm white stupid . tell you what  we will give you an extra welfare check and you move to a white country .
i'm white thank god
if he really wants 2 b a chic its just as gross as white women dating blacks . we should preserve the white race .
if there's going to be an ethnostate  we'll have to build it .
illegals from mexico tells legal mexicans in america ( citizens ) you not mexican you white your skin brown but you white mentality of hate
in what way is it wrong was america not tailored by white people for white people ?
indian mullah aboobacker musliar claims  ' gender equality is un-islamic ... women only fit to give birth ' .
indigenous people & nazi's have long time ties & friendships . #sociology
is tortures christians in their own churches #islam #islamophobia #tcot #antimuslim #christian
islam / liberalism is dividing white people . we hate each other more than ever now . divide and conquer is their tactic .
it isn't islamophobia if they really are trying to kill you !
it's amazing how envious and jealous other people are of whiteness .
its cowardice that bannon denounced the alt right . i no longer support him
jewish harvard professor noel ignatiev wants to abolish the white race via
jews reveal their vitriolic hatred of the white race after charlottesville #unitetheright the realist report
jihad reaching higher places . calgary has a.muslim mayor .
just remember this : me ( biracial ): wow he beat everyone in class ? weird.black : he must of cheated.white : it's expected  he's white .
let's bring that up to 100 per cent for the non-whites  0 per cent for the whites .
liberal scientists developing methods to make white people less resistant to non-white invasion #swrm #never
liberal scientists developing methods to make white people less resistant to non-white invasion via
list of killings in the name of islam : last 30 days ;
lol  she's not white  she's a redskin ! kill her !
low class  fat white chicks and black men  perfect together ! | chateau heartiste
many people don't want to wake-up . they don't want to believe the peril europe is in .
michelle obama goes on racist tirade against white men at womens conference in pennsylvania
modern heretic : the jew funding the zoo
msm clearly embarrassed by anarchic & anti-white racist violence of #baltimoreriots and not a word about #soros funding #blacklivesmatter
mus bro pushes & canada submits ! don't folks get that the mere existence of infidels offends islam ?
muslims r so messed up  politicians should be forced to fund own security  they make decent people highly vulnerable
muslims voting against hindu candidates in india is regarded as secular  hindus voting for hindu candidates considered communal .
my dad is white  and he is constatly being attacked by blacks and hispanics  just for being white ! we need to put an end to #whitegenocide
new york : sicilian terrorist / governor andrew cuomo prepares to purge nyc of all confederate tributes via
nice strawman argument  but no  rich white politicians and jews are working against middle class and poor whites  yes .
no ... that makes you stupid whether ur black or white ... oh ... did i also mention ignorant
no good tydings rt : communism is a tomb . that is why liberals want to put whites there .
no one cares about whites . dangerious minoritys are taking our country ! thx for sharing brother . #14words #teaparty
not just south africa look at white farmers in zimbabwe yet left ask us to pay for white priveledge
not true . slavery had been dead in europe for 1k years until blacks corrupted whites with t
not true . they'd demand a moratorium to help unemployed americans  but they id with co-ethnics not us as a whole . only whites fall 4 that .
notice they're a white couple . #antiwhite #chasingdownwhites #whitegenocide
now that you mention it ... maybe a wall at the alabama border isn't such a bad idea .
odd for you to say this since you're a white supremacist .
official : 75 % of berlin criminals are arabs #swrm #hmm via
oh  i thought ben sasse was the jew who said it was time to wound white people .
photographer ? she looks like antifa to me looking for trouble . also  you need a dictionary to distinguish between a beating and a punch ?
planned parenthood started to kill black babies . racist and murder . d
politically correct jewish press continues to humanize pedophiles via
preach ! no muslims  indians  or asians . america is only for the white ! #notracist #politicallyincorrect
racist kkk cops shooting @ other cops is strategy of #alec clans to vilify ! otherwise  cameras will identify shooter !
republicans like the ones the gop tries to fob off on white america ? ! they are no better than democrats !
researchers find whites more altruistic than other #sociology #psychology #anthroplogy
sargon of akkad and debate race differences  identity  and the morality of white survival .
secular muslim women take evil shariah based muslim personal law to kafir indian
see  when a white cop shoots a black man it's all.about race . now a muslim cop shoots a white woman and it's not allowed to be about islam
self-hating white liberals should do the world a favor and kill themselves  don't you agree ?
so islamic terror is not a race & yet i'm a racist ? you're deeply confused .
so supremacy unacceptable and show be replaced with broad white nationalis
so you admit you hold whites to a higher standard than non-whites  you racist you .
soon there will be a white guilt test . if you feel less than ' somewhat bad ' about your white privilege  your spot goes to a biracial  disabled tranny .
strange how no sudden 6million dip in jewish population figures .
strangely only white men have a declining life expaectancy . this drop is comparable to the aids epidemic in africa but shut up whitey right ?
sure  i want to destroy the enemy  but larping with gay swastika shir
sure ! whatever whitey !
that guy in the back is not antifa and neither was heather heyer you cuck
that is irrelevant to blacks being a resource sink hole . it's called a tu quoque fallacy . your low iq correlates to low critical thought
that is why you don't trust these companies they tamper with your dna results just to be politically correct . dna testing companies admit adding fake african ancestry to white profiles in order to screw with racists via
the false narrative : it's open season on killing whites and cops via
the germanic peoples are the enemies of the white race  notice how it's germanics enabling every other enemy
the hostility and contempt the jew has for the white man and his civilization cannot be more obvious . jews are openly at war with whites
the idea is partition of us along racial and ideological lines . communist state  white ethnostate  black ethnostate  social democrat state
the jews again . jew hate is prevalent in muslim communities .
the jews and muslims do have a common enemy .. white christians
the only experts of islam is people who openly study it  not forced to except islam as most are .
the only hate is in the empty nihilism of treasonous marxists such as yourself . you hate whites . you hate civilization . you hate beauty .
the pc politicians in parliament who let these muslims into the uk are protected by layers of security . the people are disarmed
the political doctrine is religious doctrine to muslims . the koran ( mo ) says kill  so they kill .
the white men are indeed evil pussiesblacks will never be free in white supremacist usait's
the whites need it  it is privelege reduction therapy goy
their ideologies are inspired by their merciless violent repressive culture to subdue others under the pain of death .
there's always a jew in the woodpile ...
these are just young people who are looking for ooportunities in our country  the american dream ... to kill actual americans who are too stupid to stop them from coming here
these people actually believe this optic shtick has never been tried ? they think white power punk was the only thing ever done ?
they are not just my heroes  but of the white race . later generations will sing of their poster-affixing  sticker-sticking deeds !
they won't be happy until another white man ( ) falls to his knees and cucks out . #maga
this is taharrush ; muslim game of gang raping a woman pl . ban such religion
tony abbott : europe is being invaded by non-whites | read more : via
tore * why do jews hate white advocacy so much ? you need to check your jewish privilege .
two great videos : #whitepeople #whitepride #hitler #14words #ows #tlot #p2 #honor
unbelievable ! ! ! barbie sold out to islam .
unlike the yankees who hate the russian people collectively  we have no hate for anyone in amerika  jus
via : france : muslim screaming allahu akbar & kill the jews stabs jew  punches rabbi #tcot
via white privilege conference says resisting jihad terror is racist  bashes robert ... #catholic
vote support your local racist contact show support for a wall you this is 4you
wait a minute . are you sure you're not a white guy with a black guy profile pic ? isn't trump racist ?
we also have these people speaking out on the dangers of islam to the west
we is those who want white people to exist and do well . they is everyone else .
we obviously need a nation for white people . and the antifa white race traitors can live with the black people .
we've been investigating you folks for 20 years at least and always know when you're going to rear your heads . #done #anonymous
what if she's just human with flaws ? don't let #maga be only for white people .
what insecurity makes you scared of white identity ? why can't i stand up for the only people with a declining life expectancy in america ?
what was delusional ? they think that white people will become minorities here  and that people don't like whites . is that what you mean ?
what's happening in south africa is awful and not one news station covers it
whats with those white cucks in there ? pathetic ...
when i was a little girl i was a diego italian . looked down on by teachers & now i'am a white racist . give me a brake .
when you take the jews out of classifying themselves as white for these numbers they are much worse .
where would the world be without white people ? it's a wonderful race ! #wpww #whitepride #europe #heritage
while the demonstrator was allowed to assault us with his pasty white legs .
white = racist hindu = fascistbuddhist = terroristjew = capitalisthow the liberalist & the jihadist use terms to disarm your narrative .
white americans need to identify and fight #whitegenocide #whitepride #identitarian # via
white because white supremacy
white culture ( shaped by history ) is superior  why else would people across the globe flock to the civilizations founded on white cultures ?
white genocide accelerates is france : at least 1 in 3 newborns are non-white | read more :
white genocide in america 1960-2060 via
white lives matter = pure hate ! diversity is a code word for #whitegenocide .
white nats have to dialectic their way back
white people built everything in this country.maintaining the white race is the key to a further existence of a civilized society .
white people don't want black people to lower property value  increase crime  ruin schools  kill businesses  blight  etc .
white protestants  the people who founded the country need to leave the catholics & jews behind .
white race is most beautiful creation of #god . it must be preserved . save hindus also .
whites need to identify as white because jews are targeting us as whites
whose hate view  ? hopefully you mean obama who can hate us more as to open all boarders for isis to enter > kill
why didn't obama cry when colleen hufford was beheaded in oklahoma ? oh wait she was white and the killer was a black racist muslim !
why is that a stupid conclusion ? also  i agree that black and white people shouldn't date .
why would legal immigrants have anything to fear ? oh they must mean illegal aliens .
wonder if white separatist will discuss #racist prison gangs killing law officials at conference near nashville  tn this wknd
would you like fries with your mass amnesty and depressed wages ? mt :
yes ... you think antifa is just here in the good old us ? lol ... simple minds
yikes ! don't trust your daughter to a staffer either . #lgbt rt
you already do hate yourselves i think ? born here  speak the language  white  yet you cannot compete with an illegal alien ?
you sound like a white supremacist to me
you would never ask a question like this to a charity specifically contributing to jews or those in india  asia  or africa . you know is based on building up european americans . there is absolutely nothing wrong with that and they owe nobody an explanation .
you're not racist . you just have a good head on your shoulders .
your demos are changing the face of white genocide  hunter ? glad you found friends .
your hate for others gives me the strength to join and be proud to be a white male again .
your religion was founded by a white man
  " : non-white hate crime mob violence comes to finland ( video ) via " " "
  " : shame on blacks : more negroes are in prison than were slaves in 1850 via " " "
  " alleged white genocide " " "
  " also jewish people are smarter and have distinct personality traits they tend to share that makes them successful . but that's the only exception " " "
  " they look white to me . " " - jewred taylor "
  " whiteness wounds others . understanding this is critical to anti-racist work in white spaces . " " this is ridiculously racist by itself . "
 #makeacelebrityirish samuel l jacknazi #samjacknazi  " : happy #stpatricksday ; #ireland #aryan " " #racetogether # 8 "
 all of these  " kinks " " seem to be designed to emasculate the white male while encouraging the destruction of the white family . "
 and after they are done fighting the other muslims ? they come after us .  " do some reading " " ! ! "
 cuck is the new  " racist . " " guess what ? you are the fringe now . we don't want your comments in mainstream publications "
 cuckservatives : marco rubio is a true conservative : national review assures readers rubio is  " plenty conservative " " "
 how can human race dna have any  " anti white agenda perpetrated by the jews  " " #blacktwitter "
 huge amt of fake chinese asylum & against usa we are being trojan horsed on borders otm  " other than mexicans " " "
 i am an immigrant  vickie  i don't see  " white christian " " males as a threat . you  however  are blinded by ignorance & hate . sucks to be you ! "
 i am going to bring down america by funding black hate groups . we will put  " them " " in a mental trap and make " " them " " blame white people . ... "
 i regard hitler + napoleon as  " the emperors of the white race " " . they ruled europe . greatest thing since rome ! ! "
 i rt to show how silly the notion is that your obligations to your people end at your doorstep . it's us vs . the  " bugs . " " "
 if  " black lives matter " "  why didn't that innocent 9 yr old's life matter when killed by a thug ? because black lies matter . "
 in this article  white nationalists bred in america are defining their national identity - swallowing the  " red pill " " "
 intersting article - it's not a hateful to want to maintain white supremacy .  " but jesus wasn't white ... "
 jeb bush :  " have hispanic children . i have hispanic grandchildren . i'm part of the community . " " #cuckservative "
 jews  splc hysterically demonize  " racist " "  " " white supremacist " " websites : "
 neocons want  " white trash " " to fight russia "
 new video :  " madness at #mizzou : black hysteria and white cowardice " " #tcot #altright "
 oh  and the group that kills children are  " white " " too . "
 philo-sem = expectedphilo white =  " racist " " " " hate " " anti-racist is a code word for #antiwhite #whitegenocide "
 proliferating anti-white agenda  " "
 rt #demdebate summed up for you :  " we hate white people and can't wait until usa is majority non-white  " " say all the white candidates on stage . "
 rt : jewish / jews 100 % ok zionism 0 % not okzionism is  " racist fascistn idiolgie " " like nazism / fascism / aparth "
 rt also these crazy nazis came out after weeks of people saying to  " kill all white people " " " " white people should be extinct " " they want a war "
 rt lol ! ! now maybe he can quit  " speaking " " for all folks with hispanic surnames ? trump 16 ! "
 rt no  we support this  " transition " " of cuck state into the new little green footballs "
 rt what if white americans were in media outlets constantly writing things like  " jewish race must be abolished " " or " " jewishprivilege must end " " ? "
 rt when will share an  " uncomfortable truth " " about a race other than the white race ? or does the bbc just hate europeans ? "
 sbc : we will sacrifice your children  nation  and heritage whether you like it or not for the sake of our sjw  " christianity " " "
 so ... black is the new  " white " "  mr . lansing ? loony left . "
 tell the parents  " it takes more than one child per couple to save the white race . " " "
 ur profile calls for  " reduced immigration " " . why not just say what u really are ? white bigot who wants 2 keep america white . "
 when islam is just  " stuff white people like " " via "
#california ag says #police can ignore federal illegal-alien detainers . when will you #wakeup whitey ? #news #freedom
#cuckservative : a person who wishes for america's return to 1950s values / strength  without admitting the nation was 90 % white then ...
#germans are great people stop #jews an others from degrading your race an be #proud you #white #heritage
#gop can explicitly be the party of white christian america or it will die . it would rather die . #tcot
#religiousfreedom = scared white people
#standupwhiteman #14words white revolution is the only solution .
' jews of color ' denounce white-presenting jews for saying jews aren't white via
' religious liberty does not include political islam . ' #july4 #independenceday #cair
. : illegal aliens should not be able to collect add'l child tax credit . #irs inspector gen exposed fraud . #cirmarkup
1 / ah photographic evidence . here are a few from another ethnostate
14 reasons for white pride in america . ( elaboration  details  and sources . )
1it kinda is . they won't ever get away with it though becasue they think they can become genid for america . the problem is ie  twp  and va all have the same cultural origin point  but different approaches . genid and the natural european nationalist parties have different origins .
2 / the social democrats are the cuck party  the swedish democrats are the right wing nationalist party who resist the invasion .
60 % of this countries pop . are white . obama is potus because of the white vote .
63-67 % of the public is white . which means 33-37 % is non-white ( 13 % black ) and yet only 32 % support blm
800000 fast breeding hispanics having 4-6 kids . millions of new dem voters in one generation . intentional displacement of whites .
: american diversity work in progress : black teens kill white girl for bicycle
: and on the same day a bunch of over paid black athletes protest whitey's oppression . white guilt is really paying
: billy roper  white nationalism 1.0 and #unitetheright via
: black on white murders grow more sadistic in south africa ( video )
: southern nationalism has a better chance in dixie  than wn / ns does in yankeedom or pacifica .
: survey finds 70 percent support for deporting illegal immigrants #afire #tcot #teaparty ...
: swedens population growth 2nd highest in eu due to mass muslim migration  not birthrate
: thats right . they are proud of the fact that the white race is being led to its death ... the greatest race to eve ...
: there is no trust on immigration reform when 1000s of criminals are released instead of deported
: via : white house erases israel from its website #tcot
: worse  metro atlanta from clayton to rockdale and increasingly cobb and dekalb are black hellholes .
a boer fault is how they can trust white ppl . they can very easily trust other white who r non-boers .
a new flag for the white homeland in the northwest .
a racist  islamophobic  zionist kook like you should love muslims like . they're your undeclared allies  embrace them .
a white father who doesn't want a safe space for white children . if your line survives  they will come to hate the memory of you .
aah ! everyones a white supremacist ! !
adolf hitler is live again red black and white
again  simple math . black people are 13 % of the population . white people are 63 % .
al qaeda draws up india hitlist  may target n-plants &
all for show . the israeli govt must be funneling money to the rebel media .
alt right crusade to free our mind and soul from pc feminist liberal jihad a
an interesting theory but it doesn't change that jews are white
and it's a shot into their own foot . white nationalism was what actually build america  p
and you sound like a leftist shill who stabs people in the own ranks for no good reason at all .
another anti-white hate crime by a muslim .
another dead white girl at the hands of a black . they're ver going to learn .
anti-white race war slasher music clip teaches black children to hate and massacre whites va
as usual ~ fell short of jews instrumental participation in bolshevik revolution
back in 2012  i will never forget how obama went down the list appealing to non-whites on racial grounds
because beautiful white  blonde haired babies are absolutely adorable and against everything they stand for . :(
believe it or not i've heard a white woman who converted to islam actually claim that islam is a feminist religion .
black on white murders grow more sadistic in south africa ( video ) via #onthehill
black youths march in peoria  il screaming  we need to kill all white people ! if only white people could be as united .
blacks and jews hate the white race . we need to have our own nation and get away from them .
breaking - #israel preparing major action . tv reports hamas organizing women & children human shields to prevent israel's response . criminals
breitbart is the #fakeright and puts israel above their white audience .
bruh  ima make racist claims and support seclusion with my obtuse nationalism . let's talk about how disenfranchised we are
bruh i love white people too how do i join
california is an anti-white state . theblaze
cannonized book of 1924 ; might > new one now is filled caliphate & sharia law . people are'nt awake . as
cities are becoming playgrounds for childless  wealthy white people
dear white women : they hate & resent you no matter what so marry a white guy & have beautiful white children
dems have also invented a vast black / white right wing nationalist uncle tom conspiracy  a 1000 legged centipede monster
denies t / quran instructs to kill
did he condemn the somali who murdered a ' white woman ? why are they even here ?
did you help the homeless of inferior genetics elimination from the gene pool by assisting only those homeless of superior european heritage ?
disgraceful censorship of you should be going after terrorist supporters not those who oppose them . rethink or i close
do u know why jew declare war on germany ? hitler made new economic in germany
do you think those bars on the windows are to keep out all the white people ?
eh no . white westerners are the only reason israel can exist . fuc
election success in #slovakia - #loveyourrace #workingclass #europe #norefugees
end all sanctuary cities ! ! enforce the laws no more money for illegals and refugees
ethnic norwegians disappearing as non-white colonization intensifies via
ethnomasochists ? call them anti-white !
even if white birthrates rise it can't match the combination of non-white migration and the net births of non-whites already here .
fair = white supremacist hate . anti immigrant organization #bewarefair
fighting the displacement of your people is not white supremacy .
find a white wife . be a red-piller  not an oil-driller .
follow it's not islamophobia when they are trying to kill you .
from liberal white guilt or something . u think nationalism is white nationalism ? this is bigger than race . first is good 4 all americans
funny how most of those categories of whiteness are all more civilized and prosperous than the majority of non white civilizations
germany : never before seen ritual immigrant violence #swrm via
germany : non-white in one generation #swrm via
get this guy in & fighting with us on #projectsiege to take back our campuses from cultural marxism
go fight for white existence without us white southerners and see how far you get .
good 1 . white people are toast with childish self prescrided spokesment like u at the helm .
he'd tell you the same today . noticing adverse events involving black people is racist .
heather heyer is a martyr to a big fat lie concocted by the anti white liberal media & th
here's a fact  if america was 100 % white it would be vibrant  prosperous &
hey  you enjoy your white conquest . i'll be enjoying the peace and quiet . simptico .
hi robert  could you explain why obama is threatened and mocked by isis  even though he seems to be ' one of them ' ?
home ministry stated that pak terrorists are relentlessly trying to sneak in india prior to obama visit : sambit patra
hope in #hungary ! #rapefugees #refugees #wpww #whitegenocide
however  apparently you can't even show me where the quran prohibits violence . and u say islam is peaceful ?
huey long assassination ( rival to jew eisenhower )
hunter  this has nothing to do with cucking . this is about saving the white race . repea
i consider myself to be alt -  south .
i hope that obnoxious chinese guy isn't part white .
i thought you had to curb stomp someone to be a white supremacist ?
i'm a white american and i want trump to be king .
i'm glad twitter only cares about hate and racism from one race . just who are the people that live in
i'm sure they will protect a gay jew .
if not for a populist uprising in 2006 we would've gotten amnesty from george bush and mccain with the blessing of conservatives
if you are conservative you are automatically a racist . welcome to the best crowd america ever had ! maga !
if you have a strong stomach  go have a look at identity evropa . industrial strength racist toxicity  even some whining about white women being excluded from the women's march in january . mind-boggling .
in america today its like its a bad thing to be white and proud .
in germany  if you notice that muslim invaders are raping your women  you're a racist and your fb post is deleted
in meantime whites / alt-right must focus on helping themselves and establishing their own web tech to ev
in the book ' eye for an eye '  #jewish author john sack brags about the evils his people perpetrated on the germans after the war . #torture
in theory  but if whites ever got tactical advantage in a full blown civil war un would step in bcuz raysis
instead  all white people are in obama's race database ...
is a great organization . they are a social fraternity for white young people in america ostracized by progressive culture .
islam phobia = is going to kill you
islamist attacks : #notallmuslimspolice shootings : all white people
it's funny you know  how many jewish people work for slate  or even twitter . they se
it's race bro . whites need to stop denying this reality and fight fir their survival .
it's the history of the european peoples  which are where white people come from . of course .
its all about voting the illegals etc . along w / voting machine fraud its their only way to win .
its my understanding that most abortions are by white women . judging from the surge in the non white population it
its not a plight . its just time for them to go home .
its not about appealing to conservatives its about appealing to whites . we don't need to put stumbling blocks in their way .
jared taylor won't even publicly stand with spencer . he's going to miss the train  he's more concerned about appeasing jews .
jason kessler getting attacked at his press conference today is further proof that there is no free speech for white people in america .
jew caught and tortured rudolkf hoess : uncle ...
jewish harvard professor wants to abolish the white race via but i bet jews are okay in his eyes .
jewish mayor of st . petersburg  florida ' bans ' donald trump via #withjewswelose
jewish money is funding #farleft radicals & jew media is pushing their propaganda .
jews on ' white genocide ' #whitegenocide via mass immigration .
john friend's blog : jews in the obama administration
ku klux klan heads to ferguson race riots to guard white businesses and protect innocent whites via
leave milo alone . he is exposing white people for their hatred of white people
let's be blunt . any arab muslim found to be circulating isis propaganda should be deported immediately . it's brutal but we are at war ! #tcot
liberal democracy = it's not okay to be white .
like all political whores  #obama is obedient to his #jewish #judaism #news #israel #palestine
look how happy she is  tears of joy . #nazi #nazis4lyfe
lovely pictorial . white people are civilization .
lynching is not indian thing its inherited from islam #what punishment shari'a gives for thefts ? ? ?
majority of the black people die because of abortion and more white people die in the hands of cops than blacks wake up all lives matter
make america white agen
many honest people are judged & convicted unfairly  but why do islamist jihadist get a pass ?
maybe they will reconsider . in every single election  they vote against our cultural decline . it is futile because the system itself is what is driving it . this is the result that liberal democracy has produced everywhere it has been tried
more black white supremacists .
more jew ...
more negroes entered america in last decade than during 300 years of slave | more : trade
most jews are white . read ' the invention of the jewish peo
muslim refugees  thats what happened . dirty pigs ..
muslims attack - a common theme around the world ! !
muslims hate jews . 18c has nothing to do with islamic jew hatred .
my ancestors waged a war against the british to gain freedom to establish a representative constitutional republic called usa . did yours ?
nation of islam attendees . racist black police shooters in #dallas attended mosque
national syndicalism is not white nationalism  but keep race baiting .
nationalism is all well & good in israel  yet jews demand open borders  forced multiculturalism  etc in the west #hypocrisymuch
nationalists  anywhere are anti-globalists.be these white  black  asian or latin  these are your allies in their own countries
new editions of mein kampf & white power and how to use them for study and online activism : #nazi #wpww #news
nice to know we are together in our fight  all white people
no one ever said that africa doesn't have amazing wildlife or that people don't go on safari . zimbabwe is a failed state .
no pakistani should ever try to come to india  they can go to mosul or karbala hq of pigs
no way . the cucks told me ethnic identity has nothing to do with how judges rule :
none ! semites aren't white .
now while out the white population . what happens ?
nuance is that evropa is not even an english word  is from the balkan  you idiot ! ur ancestors would be ashamed sestra :)
number 5 addition : unless they're black  then call them a twitter bot or say they hate themselves .
obama never disavowed his racist ex pastor jeremiah wright and gave the eulogy for career klansman robert white sheets byrd .
obama sitting in that racist pastor jeremiah wright's church for over 20 years is far worse than scalise speaking at one pro white rally !
oh  i see . the hijab is a joke.you are anti-muslim  but you think they allowed themselves inside europe without help . or maybe you think you be allowed to speak on jewish media platforms if only you don't mention their control.nigel farage at least got results . cowards won't .
ohio : machete-wielding muslim injures multiple patrons at restaurant owned by pro-israel arab christian
our children are the future . love  teach  guide and most of all  protect them . they will carry the torch for the white race .
pastor mealy mouth should be reminded that white people did more to spread christianity than any other race !
people like this tassia claim that being proud of being white is racist.how pathetica
perhaps some of the #msm is starting to open their eyes and see the true racial #truth #govt #us #africa
personally  i think the white dems are the worst accusers and use race as a wedge issue incessantly .
poor white people = = = > via
pretty sure boring whites who think they're superior due to their lacking heritage are worse .
providing wages that won't support a white family is genocidal  while giving aid 2grow non-white numbers  is #whitegenocide  social engineering
ps get deported maybe new rule no legal way back in !
push congress to overturn gay marriage / roev wade rulings  article 3 section 2 - constitution  obama can't veto it ! #popefrancis #teaparty
racist attacks on white dutch people by mobs of muslim immigrants continue ( video ) kyttjlt
real quotes from anti-white globalist jew
refuses to denounce dr . david duke ! #makeamericagreatagain #votetrump
remember goys  making disparaging remarks about poor less educated whites is always ok
rudolf hess  the martyr for peace t-shirt from the white resister via
save the white aryan woman from extinction : only two percents of the world's population via #wpww
schools in germany order girls to cover up to avoid being attacked by muslim invaders via
secondly  i think black lives matter and should be classified the same as the kkk and neo-nazi and so on .
sencha macrae & i talk #whitegenocide  weaponization of history  & hidden history of white race :
seriously  if the problem is white people not breeding how can you blame anyone other than white people ?
should change because brian is a self-hating white who pushes his agenda everywhere .
shut your mouth . you're clinically obese and talentless . no white man worth his salt would look at you anyway .
since i'm half white can i still join ? ? i may appear black but i'm white in my heart #whitelivesmatter #whitepride
since they're white  i guess they're just misunderstood .
so true but if being white and proud means i'm a racest then i will happily be called a racist . i have no problem with it at all .
so you're claiming he's no better than the #blacklivesmatter racist hate group ?
somalians celebrate christmas in denmark : horrific racially motivated attack on white couple attack-on-white-couple via
sorry the klan was started by democrats . stop trolling
spoken like a true apologist for islamic supremacism .
stuff white people do
sure sounds like an obama employee . mcmaster having ties to nefarious islamic groups is to be as must
swedish patriots seek to spread racial ideology in norway via
talk to god today.you cant beat god no man can.tell me kkk y hitler hate people ?
tell senator mcconnell to grow a pair and stop hunting down those less fortunate and less white than himself and his racist bosses .
that they would adopt a black then have white kids
the #cuckservative partys over
the #gaylobby needs the opioid crisis in order to fulfill #gaymarriage adoptions.the donald is a businessman . sure
the children of the wealthiest blacks in america underperform poor whites and asians
the comment was more of a conditional : white people must not be fractured or we'll may
the devil has a name : whos behind miley cyrus antics ? via #withjewswelose
the global white awakening via
the left wants white pipo to go away ...
the media only cares when thugs who happen to be black get hurt.innocent whites having their skulls c
the only identity they fear is white identity .
the people leaving usa becuz racist trump all want canada  new zealand  never mexico  nigeria . who racist ?
the racial murder and rape of white women in america | read more : via #wr #wpww #14w
the white people are not running from your insults anymore . we are owning them now !
the white race is being slowly exterminated & our future is uncertain . will you take a stand today & join our efforts ?
theres a good reason for this . these are all caucasian people .
they are dying . god bless white america
they are just white people . not high in the pecking order with him .
they are openly advocating for the murder of white people : #whitegenocide #14words #hitlerwasright #wakeup
they sent the europeans to america to do all the things isis is doing  to demonize white people and christianity
they target whites everyday .
think media here doesnt report the whole story . think illegals were responsible 4 murdered ca tourist downtown .
this country was founded by whites for whites read federalist no 2
this is the sort of self-determination we and the broader alt-right support.would you like to discuss this in a public forum ?
this is the white man march #whitemanmarch
this issue is misleading  migration is legal reason for immigration reform is e . u . human trafficking ( white slavery ) .
those programs are guaranteed to fail because of changing demographics - more non-whites  more elderly whites
time will prove who r allies . national socialist party has much bigger canvass spreading far & wide .
top cuck : trump's agriculture secretary vows to protect illegal crop migrants  blasts robotic techn via
trump budget cuts $ 3 million from holocaust museum via
trump is a symbol of white america  regardless if he is / ourguy / or not  and he
u are actually anti-white & a race traitor . what a coward  too scared to stand for his own . no black or asian would think like u .
uk school downgraded for being overly white . this must stop ! ! ! via
us appeals court revives holocaust suit against hungary via #withjewswelose
us citizens don't matter . especially if you're a white male . this is the new american illegal & nonenglish speaking
us will have a civil war . stupid white libs who call white people privileged
using your #racist logic  since all the mass murders were by white people  they need to be disarmed . #racism
very important american #nazi party report : #politics #freedom #14words
video : british national socialists protest at sa embassy against white genocide in south africa via
wake up white america ! ! your end is coming :
wakefield doesn't like white americans . nothing new .
war afoot now : rampantblack terrorism targeting whites >
we don't want your anti-white hate in our state .
we hindus offer lord krishna's package to muslims--give us 3 temples and keep 39997 masjids . i hope muslim leaders don't become duryodhans
we know that libtards hate black people  what if this fallen officer had been white  would he still skip ?
weak white people have nearly destroyed us . no other race is so self-hating .
well  they could let them creep in like the illegals from so . of border !
well  well  well . the news today is the leftist antifa nutt
well that's because there is no such thing as white privilege ! that's just a sham created by an old  evil  communist white guy by the name of soros to divide our country ! only self loathing  white sjw with a guilty conscience for their own bias  believe the white privilege myth !
what about the white illegal immigrants ?
what are the black lives matter rallies supposed to do to white people that support law & order ?
what is a white hispanic ?
what pronoun should we use to refer to people who are transitioning into martians ?
what's worse : a white animal abuser or a black jew ?
when will jewish supremacists and israel finally be held accountable ?
when you're writing about a heartless black-on-white murder the msm egged on  rule one is * make sure * the msm doesn't think you're a racist .
wherever the alt-right / lite differ ideologically  we're united by an uncucked  defiant spirit . we're a different breed .
which is why we need an indefinite moratorium on immigration and refugee resettlement . we need legislation today . tomorrow is far too late .
white christian immigration only the usa was founded as a white christian nation #fact
white communism now ! ambien borthers
white devil books
white genocide could be code for ending race . an amorphous cultureless slave race is what they want .
white girl shot to death for fun by black racist murders via #savewhites
white house is muslim
white identity is timelesa
white men aren't in charge of black people killing each other !
white nationalist  do not hate other races  we wish only to separate ourselves from them  to preserve our heritage  culture and identity
white people are going to fight back . we have every right to resist our own genocide .
white people have the right to their own countries . the founding fathers made it explicitly clear the us was a haven for white europeans .
white people pretending to be blackfify
white power via
white pride website
white race has lost sense .
white supremacist don't like jews are black ppl . trumps family is jewish . trump helps african american
white terrorist holds the biggest share of mass murder in america . give some lessons to them
whites need sanctuary . but they need much pruning too . were it not for internal rot then this wouldn't be an issue .
whites who're true to themselves and their people .
why is #whitelivesmatter racist ? it isn't ...
why not love hate ? the donald loves hate . white nationalists love hate . let's love hate !
will incessantly talk about evil white people and / or have no problem focusing on the race of non-whites in a positive way .
yeah  shut up . the dems hate white people . they hate the south #jointaddress
yes  unless you're not white and you're trying to silence all [ white ] opposition .
yes white people in general are the new jews for the new kkk / antifa .
yes white supremacy you numbskull  don't try to deny it
yes ~ blacks & hispanics but the asians need police to protect them from those 2 racial / ethnic groups
you believe nelson mandela was a freedom fighter #cuckservative
you didn't see any communist flags because you weren't there and you're just a liar . antifa = anarcho-communists  they don't like democracy .
you get the european situation where large amounts of non employed non educated immigrants come to europe and start their micro-communities here with high crime rates and all sorts of problem like in the uk and also in the nl and germany 2 /
you go guys  white power
you guys seem really cool . how can i join your white power party ?
you jihad enablers are so filled with hate  it oozes out of your every utterance .
you make me ashamed to be white ! ! !
you mean white genocide
you want black nationalism . there's no diff between the two except that if a white person says they want to focus on white it's racist . but a black person says that it's all good . so riddle me that ? id say both are retarded .
your are saving face with muslims in general so you do not get fire bombed . the candy coating does not cut it .
  " how dare you be white in public ! reeeeee ! " " good for you ! "
  " we must secure the existence of our people and a future for southern children . " " "
 gob bluth stabbed by white power bill :  " white power  " " " " ( but ) i'm white . " " #whitepower #news #quote "
 his wife when he was elected  " was not proud to be an american " " looks like he wants to destroy the white / black man's america "
 if enjoying a white nation is  " racist " " then i'm a proud " " racist " " ! "
 if you're white  you don't need to  " join " " anything . your skin is your uniform . have white children and teach the our culture "
 lol ~ no surprise ~ jews proliferate  " perceived racism " " and " " anti-white agenda " " "
 my family is british.your are just confused .  " english white jew " " "
 pretty much . the double standard is absolutely appalling . every single one of them always say  " we should help everyone " " in theory  but this is only going one way . non-whites help their own and whites do not help our own . we're done with that . "
 rt  " it is about race . it is about race . " " the independent report is false because the researchers are too white . "
 rt more anti-jew hate from  " nothing to do with islam " " "
 rt turns out there are no  " safe spaces " " in #merkel germany . all filled with invaders . "
 the left celebrates  " diversity " " and racial bias in the judiciary  but hisses " " racist " " when trump brings it up "
 the people in those countries were raping children and cutting off female genitalia  but  " they wuz kings ! " " right ? lol "
 what does sharia law mean ? two words : they can take all are white christian woman even if they married to us and if we protest we  " racist " " "
 white rhodesians  boers ; we knew about jews  trusted them as  " white " " . we blinded ourselves 2 what jews did . "
 with every  " antifa " " aggression  the eyes and minds of whites will be opened  and our movement will grow ever stronger ! "
#altright are the only true right . the gop are marxist diversity enablers . white america deserves better than this !
#p2 very bad translation  but poll shows 93 % of russians are concerned about the future of the white race . hail russia !
#parisattacks let them in #brusselsattacks let them in #germanyattacks let them in let them in or be attacked ? ? ?
#rahowa - britain sees race war brewing between non-white invaders
#roof and jared taylor have something in common they both like jews and think they are useful .
#southafrica : the white #refugees no one wants via
- does anyone here at #queer want america to become islamic and be forced to dress like zahra billoo ?
. . i hear you guys had a #safespace for gay white male atheist feminists #altright
. i just closed my account . i won't be a customer of a company that supports jihad  even if
... many arrests of muslim youth in bharat regarding sexual violence against animals ... its happening
4 / the government of south africa is about to seize the land of the white minority . they are launching a real white genocide
: all-white town fights to preserve segregation in the anti-white new south africa
: another native swedes get mob attacked by non-white immigrants in stockholm ( video )
: kkk alive and well white brother hood unite ku klux klan bruh
: kkklanneed to report illegals contact ice 1-866- dhs - 2 - icelol
: muslim presenter + islamic loving bbc . what else can we expect ? someone needs to challenge
: video : white man march  white nationalist rallies organized across the globe for march by
: what people don't understand is that whiteness and white property are inherently violent and evil  so viol
> > > americas future > > > white woman raped then stoned by racist blacks in south africa
a national socialist gov would attack corruption at every turn and eliminate it . #wpww #whitepride #whitepower #tcot #capitalism #greed
after micah x .  it needs to go back up permanently . why was it taken down to appease these people ?
all white trash  plain and simple ! don't like it here ? then move somewhere else  you're
already happening in toronto and is 52 % non-white . detroit : the death of white civilisation via
amen ! that's why i only support what is openly pro white  no code words  just pure white pride !
and let the record show that black lives matter is a racist hate group advocating murder and hate
and our 6 % to 10 % are high iq  high agency  creative young white men . you jews are only 2 %
another white officer killed by a black thug . obama and his race baiters must be smiling from ear to ear .
anti white media coverage is all you will get regardless of street numbers . if any idiot out there thinks whitey will ever get sympathetic media coverage you are a complete idiot . stop pandering to those that hate your guts its a loser .
anti-white race war slasher music clip teaches black children to hate and massacre : via
anti-white supremacist  the new code word for #antiwhite .
any other good jokes #gop #teaparty #kkk
are jews white ? and how is that question inapplicable to jewish nation ?
aryan men and women may not to kneel to anybody ! ! !
as my wife is black  i can say black folk are some of most racist people i know  especially older black women ( they hate me )
asia for the asians ! africa for the africans ! white countries for everyone ! diversity means #chasingdownwhites . #whitegenocide
because if christian white nationalists r just like muslim terrorists  we can kill them with impunity
because what the white race needs is a military arms race among east asians . those are the competitors
because white people don't need diversity . it is only a weakness to us .
because white people rule the first world countries .
but they still won't arrest the wavers of hezbolla and jihad flags ...
cair we all know what and who you are - it isn't islamophobic when they really are trying to kill you ! #banshariah
call us names all you want  but white identity is here to stay & it's only going to continue to grow . #whitegenocide
christian leader : gay musical is ' sexual propaganda ' caught lying about obama  yet again
come on  everybody hear white people  white nation .
coming from a white guy pretending to be black ? makes sense .
cousyness factor 1488  makeeuropegreatagain  preserve white volk ! #svpol #vpol #migpol #makeeuropegreatagain #eupol
data aren't racist  the datum - in this case  racist anti-white blacks  are though & the numbers are right .
dr . david duke : will the white race survive ? ( video ) va
dramatic rise of white flight in britain : masses of white families escape from multiracial areas ! read more :
eric holder is out to prove ( white cops are racist but ) ignores the racist beliefs of al sharpton and the anti semitism of the demokkkrats !
europeans aren't allowed to have an identity . if you ask nicely and apologize and give your money to black people you may be an ally .
for sure ! whites are nothing more than a color breed .
fuhrer is our saviour ; all idiot liberals must note .
fuhrer was a genius ; see his analysis : adolf #hitler explains
funny  even ironic pic since she would have recommended bo's momma have an abortion . pregs to a drunken black man ...
funny how tolerating black crime is key to keep black politicians in power ; safe streets would bring whites back  and they'd want good govt .
gender identity  social classes  et al . all that bs . in other words : people that can't
german antifa call for the rape and genocide of ethnic germans | read more : via
germany : non-white in one generation via #whitegenocide isn't real & just about race mixing ...
give me a break sly . whites did build this country . nothing wrong with that . the more we ar
giving up the burden of white privilege via
god those darn white devils getting jobs  promotions lower acceptance scores just because of they're race . oh wait ...
h / t it's not islamophobia if they really are trying to kill you .
happy birthday to a tremendous hero : adolf hitler ! let's honor his life with consistent outreach activism ! ! help the anp save the white race
he'll probably get a massive payout once some lawyer claims his rights have been breached by being deported so many times .
heartiste disparages white women and encourages predatory  abusive practices . if you're anti woman  you're anti white .
help us honor george lincoln rockwell today by going the extra mile with literature distribution : #wpww #whitepride
hey everybody ... i encourage you to follow the only voice of truth these days #nationalsocialism
hias jew organisations pro islamification us . so just need 2 beat them
hitler warn about self pride in max form white ? only is kkk satanist n misguided white peace neutral
hope it goes well for you guys  take the alt-right from online into the physical world .
how british illuminati bankers ) helped create the kingdom of saudi arabia -
i can see that given the history of the white race being enslaved lynched and discriminated against behind the word
i can't believe muslims believe in abortion .
i didn't drag jews anywhere . jews have been leading white genocide and an
i find it offensive that chose anti-white indian to give response to #sotu . we need pro-white voices in gop .
i made up pro white  bro . i was pro white before i was #altright . nobody was standing up for white people in my area so i did . praying 4 u
i think bet needs more programming with white cast members . bet must be racist al sharpton !
i'm surprised white men with guns weren't there to shoot the protesters . white men are born holding guns .
if only he were one of the non-muslim rapists  you'd have no objection to it . obviously .
in india if u speak against hindus it's free speach . speak against muslims  it's racism . they can break laws  not obey copswe cant !
in the wrong country . plenty islamic countries . no rights or benefits to those who refuse to pledge allegiance to our country .
interracism is a form of race war . it is black males waging sexual war of conquest and colonizing white wombs to make ' brown babies ' .
is it because muhammad was a white man ?
is victor davis hanson's column racist ? of course it ishe's white !
islamophobia the word is very divisive as it doesn't validate or even tolerate true fear people have of islamic incitement to terrorism .
it doesn't have to be a conspiracy . it is one ethnic group that is a market dominant minority . it has a massive distorting effect on our culture and politics . but anyway  they are also tightly organized down to jewish orgs having an umbrella group
it is called weaponized artificial mass migration created to destroy the white race the western world .
it took a gay conservative for the media to finally expose the pedophilia problem in the gay community
it's extremely lol that white liberals think blaqs aren't 1 . racist 2 . sexist 3 . xenophobic
jew pleads guilty on behalf of austrians : the president of austria who just so happens to be a jew has assigne ...
jewish groups push 4 non-white immigration into europe and us they've been pushing this anti-white agenda 4 decades
jewish harvard professor wants to abolish the white race ! via
jews take great offense to being called white .
jumping people is not normal for white people .
just locate the string of mangled and wounded and dead white people  and the lost muslims should be nearby .
learn from england a once white country  60 years ago 100 % white now white english are the minority 60 yrs ! !
leftist view is white = racist . it comes from judaism and hatred of anything roman . check this from 25:00+
let's be a white resister : because the beauty of the white aryan woman must not perish from the earth !
like #hitler said  ' sin against the blood is the original sin  and an end to the humanity which suffers from it . '
like blaming jews for everything like white nationalists ?
lmao ! ceo of adl ( ( ( jonathan greenblat ) ) ) says echo meme is an online version of burning a cross via
lol . you will learn what it means to be white and proud of your race . or be jooish and face the consequences .
looks like a good turnout ! congratulations ! white america desperately needs to see such events !
maybe feminists who hate men & want to blame the white race for everything wrong ?
multicultism is anti-white hatred . we built this country . you will not replace us .
muslim sources tell them to kill all nonbelievers . western society reports on their hate .
muslims can kill thousands and milions  no noise . kill one muslim and its hate . why ?
no  it was just blacks . white liberal cities like seattle  boulder  portland  and state of vermont are fine .
no  white women are on average closer to white men in intelligence than black men or women .
no jew carved this sculpture and no jew drew that picture . #pornography is at the heart of the white man's society and #arrogantamerica .
no no ! you just need a white person to explain it to you ! if you vote dem your first 5 white attack poodles are free !
no you're not white  because you're jewish  jews ain't white .
norwood to bring back white rule to atlanta ? via
obama encouraged civil unrest by condoning hate groups like blm . invited them to white house as a reward promoting violence against police !
obama wake up ! illegal immigrants are killing this country on your pathetic watch .
of course it's racist  it was written by a white man of good character .
oh sheeeiiiitt ! supektet white suepremist taking over !
only solution = white revolution
open ur eyes white america latinos to become majority racial group in california next year via
picture symbolizing what diversity  mass immigration  black empowerment  affirmative action is doing to white america :
pl . do not listen to your american advisors born in india but now agents of jews like governor and others
please forward to all known white patriots : 26 . 05 . 2012 . white unity gig with us  german  slovak and hungarian bands
rankin and madison counties are the recipients of white flight from hinds county .. they are the places to be now
robert spencer beheaded someone for not being jewish ? fascinating  this hypocrisy !
roy moore can help prevent race-slaughter by planned parenthood & the dnc white elites . his opponent
sanders and trump share common ground via #cuckservative #illegalaliens #nationalism #election2016
savage british man eaters ! blaming adolf hitler ! !
science & genetics tell us there are inherent differences . my objection is to underlying premise that white race is biologically superior
seriously what's going on with the rest of this continent and south america ? they have plenty of natural resources . why do you all come here
sieg hail 88 ! from aus . have another great white friday
so .. how do all those little black people like those mighty white antifa warriors defending thier existence . it must be refreshing to themlol
splcs mark potok : our aim in life is to destroy these groups  to completely destroy them . #splcexposed
subscribe to the realist report ! support pro-white independent media and help us grow !
taught from preschool . taught white boys are racist and brown is ok .
thank u polish people . you are saving the white race . you are my heroes and are much stro
that vulnerability : the genetic recessiveness of the white race !
the # of radical #muslims in america who want to kill christians and jews is a lot higher than the number of racist white supremacist by far
the black football player that punched a white girl in the face  gets to stay at school and continue playing . white privilege ?
the democrats have become the party of the non-white & anti-white  even the #aflcio can't save them . #usa
the evolution of white genocide
the genocide of white america : 1980-2010 | read more : via
the koran in america is not the true koran . there koran teaches them to convert us or kill u
the koran is the truth about islam and muslims . every kafir should read it . better than a stephen king terror novel .
the most disgusting of anti-whites do thatuse extreme racism against whites against them because it increases the reaction by 5 % or similar
the problem is  the us has been a white country  and non-whit
the real holocaust was done to germans by the allies  on the defenseless  not on soldiers  6 million myth only a cover-up story #whitegenocide
the same muslim migrants who would happily behead him .
the scythians return for the remnant before they all head off to europe . #altright is going after the rest of our human capital : hahah real #israelites
the white liberals and unbelievers all over the world will be the downfall of white people
the white man invented ladders so it's my duty as a racist to use them . i further the cause every time i go for the top shelf
there are no white people holding you down in jamaica or zimbabwe or ethiopia or liberia . #freedomfailed
they can openly call for killing cops and white people . any
they can't be civil . talk  dialog  peaceful negotiations . they're only solution.violence  kill kill kill . such wonderful ppl .
they eat white babies too
they hate us because the quran tells them specifically to hate us . to pretend they dont  but to hate us in their hearts . dont be an idiot
they want all white children to be dead .
too bad there aren't any white people in oakland ...
us murders concentrated in non-white counties #swrm #us via
via : clash of civilizations : iranian in canada attacks wifes boss for saying hello #tcot
via : uk muslim leader : muslims should humiliate christians so theyll convert to islam #tcot
wants america white again w / white supremacist support . refuses 2 disavow trump 4 klan ' 16
we can keep pushing american nationalism our direction because we are  in fact  americans . we are the p
we either have laws or we don't . your here legally or not . it's black and white . illegals are illegal .
we have the blueprint for a white neoconservative revolution :
we have to . time to put laws in front of these peoples callous demands of us and our economy . they want what we have . what we built .
we prefer to be called identitarians . we believe that societies with majority populations that share racial / ethnic & cultural commonality  an identity  are more stable & preferable to ones that are multicultural . history and the current crises of the west suggest we're right .
we will need to appropriate at least 5 miles within mexican territory as a buffer zoneenforced by daily artillery fire
well i'm a black jew  that's different . israel belongs to us  not the khazars
what does racist mean ? do i have to belive measured differences bw races on average are not real or are white ppl's fault ?
what white americans have to look forward to from #catholics & #jews :
what white people go to synagogues ?
when a white person tells the truth that black people are the cause of there own pro
where can i get a kkk hat for when im driving to the ghetto of my town
white americans least likely to race mix #swrm #niceone keep up the good work  make america great again !
white americans least likely to race mix #swrm #whiteamericans #racemix #keepitup #reproduce via
white genocide as business : starbucks promoting race mixing for white women ( video ) via
white lives matter event page via
white patriots should demonstrate at anti white politicians rallies  hold signs exposing their anti white actions !
white people . do something .
white pride world wide
white pride worldwide hooded sweatshirt | more : via
white pride worldwide t-shirt #swrm via
white privilege conference this week #nationalsocialism
white song parody of fight song by rachel platten via
whites are squirming now coz they see huge competition from asians n south asians . all sense of supremacy is dead !
why do jews want access to all white countries hey ?
why people hate jews summarized in one pic ( and it's understandable )
yeah  bro ! this totally stopped demographic decline and made america white again !
yeah  we're on the road to defeating the islamic state ... the wrong road ...
yes  we are the ruling race ; white and black is none of our business ; only aryans are invited
you make it sound like white nationalism is bad .
you people should see how the social justice warriors are making white people look and how they are ignoring white people !
you're my favorite white supremacist
  " it's okay to be white . " " i'm white & i'm proud . i'm not afraid to say it . they can only stop you if you let them stop you . "
  " mixed race " " couple = black man taking advantage of overweight white woman for her paycheck "
  " they accumulated " " that's a joke ! what non-whites are fed by activists to keep their power . "
 : australia returns non-white invaders to sri lanka ; jewish  " human rights " " groups flip out "
 also  his notion that a white nation would  " be at each other's throats " " is possibly true but irrelevant . white nations have been successful "
 demand majority white counties in usa become  " white reservations " " via ' endangered species act'-like legislation * the only solution 4 whites "
 doesn't fit the  " white people are the problem " " narrative "
 don't confuse  " us citizen " " with " " american " " . that's a lie of the left . there is an authentic american culture and people . "
 good question ! once again -  " small number of individuals " " phoenix  antifa used tear gas - boston  bottles "
 is it technically considered a hate crime now to yell   " trump ! trump ! trump ! " " at brown people ? #maga "
 rt  " : mandela health problems renew fears of white genocide in south africa via " " "
 rt  " the hindu " " is known for it's anti indian  anti hindu  pro islam post's . another media outlets dancing with the devil "
 rt 9 / side observation on the  " alt-right nordic warrior anti-semite " " trump subset ; they're obsessed with homosexual practice and technique . "
 rt : texas cartoon jihadi  " would never waver from the teachings he picked up in the mosque " " "
 rt obama -  " son of islam " " ? : #islam #islamophobia #tcot "
 rt the alleged jewish  " holocaust " " is the biggest fraud in history . #withjewswelose #nomorejewishlies "
 texas ; fighting foragainst the islamo-fascist dictatorship of  " no border " " "
 textbook subversion : white house court jew gary cohn resurrects  " war on coal " " via "
 the  " holocaust " " is so bogus . #freehorstmahler "
 this mj article is unintentionally pro-white . basically demonstrates that we're  " racist " " because we're highly intelligent & informed . "
 unbelievable hate-filled insanity to suggest it is somehow  " wrong " " for a nation to protect its people from rape / murder / genocide "
 video : head of oslo jewish community claims norway is  " too white " " via "
 vile  hateful #jew calls for extermination of #whitepeople & admits  " diversity " " is a code-word for #whitegenocide "
 white people are beautiful . whiteness should be treasured and preserved . i know its scandalous . i don't care about being  " mainstream " " "
 yet another islamic supremacist tries to fool people with big lie that opposing jihad terror =  " hate . " " "
 you are part of the conspiracy  ( ( ( lenin ) ) ) . while you advocate your anti-white  " equality " "  your jewish state of israel remains a jewish state . why is that "
#charlotteriots join to put a stop to this anti-white hate .
#preppertalk : racist attacks on white dutch people by mobs of muslim immigrants continue ( video )
#wakeup they are going to blame you  white people  every time
#world is missing adolf hitler : 30th april  1945 fuhrer left for his heavenly abode . we love fuhrer !
' support ' a one-way ticket south with imprisonment if they return ; the # that will assimilate into our culture after public indoctrination in our so-called schools are fewer than rattle snakes that bite ; why take chances ?
- 15 year old white danish girl blinded by african muslims in racially motivated hate crime ( video )
. not a good night for the anti-white gay pool boy  eh ?
... also  organized jewry and anti-white
15 year old white danish girl blinded by african muslims in racially motivated hate crime via
84 % of all wanted criminals in copenhagen are non-white | more : via #whitelivesmatter
: ) ) white privilege in fact does exist because being white is the top echelon of the evolutionary ladder . we have pri ...
: ... also  organized jewry and anti-white blacks a
: 13 ( worst ) companies who support israels policies for white america july 23rd ! ! be there ! ! ...
: : #ows no wonder the anp endorses you . proves u believe in the jew conspiracyif you actually look into it  ...
: : kkk alive and well white brother hood unite ku klux klan white power mikey
: it is a tactic of jihad enablers to smear all opposition to jihad as racist etc what race is jihad murder of
: rape-killing suspect returned to mexico ;
: robertspencer hatemongerbe brave an admit you are fulfills christian / jew zionist hate agenda against 1 .
: uk : racist black man punches pregnant white girl in stomach as onlookers watch in horror
: whites are not supremacist and whites who are against white nationalism should move to a black
= = = has shown he puts illegal aliens  refugees before us citzens .. he must be defeated .
a nation is a product of race  culture and heritage of which a multicultural society destroys . white people need a land of their own .
a racist : any white man who argues with a jew .
a rich black guy and a rich jew team up to try and stir up attacks against white americans .
action report : america first banner drop on tuesday  december 5  identity evropa activists dropped a massive banner at in atlanta .
after #sanjose  #nevertrump sides with mexican nationalists attacking their own people ...
aint that america : the virtue of five white men : its no secret around here that america is anti-white . this ...
aint that america : white guys : we suck and were sorry : new york is this video anti-white ?
all immigration of non whites should be ended . this melting pot historical period isn't relevant for these times .
america needs a national front that will be of use to white americans .
and i'd completely disagree  black on white crime is nx that of white on black . being from atl i've experience the worst
and islam is rigged to win by persuasion or murder . ban it from the united states asap .
and it's not a coincidence the best places to live are majority white
and the fact that there were more white slaves in the middle east than black slaves in america
another white man shot by negroes over confederate flag on his car | full story :
anti-white jewish activist hopes to wipe out finns via race mixing . #finland #soldiersofodin
archie comics to kill off archie  he is shot while saving gay friend are going to hate this issue
asian countries for asians . black countries for blacks but white countries for everybody ? ' anti racist ' is a codeword for anti white .
auschwitz - april 1944 - the sick and disabled . : according to the fable of auschwitz  if you were not fit for ...
awesome ! the real men who fought for the white race ! real heroes !
beautiful ! go white men ... go ! ! !
beautiful white life !
because upholding laws and deporting illegal aliens is white supremacy . bwaaaaahahahahahahaha ! ! thank you !
birthright citizenship must end or be defined to align with the intended purpose . illegals are enemies of our republic . treat them as such .
black lives matter  white lives don't ? sounds racist .
black run america : white girl suffers seizure after black girl assault in mcdonalds
black supremacy is an oxymoron  or a transition state until white money runs out
blm & antifa = violent protest . why antifa is allowed to be violent but blm isn't is beyond me .
bth the only race being attacked white or anyone defending whites . who really is racist #alllivesmatter #stophat
but but surely it's only them evil whities who enslaved people .
calling us racist for noticing that you're raping and murdering our people only makes us hate you more .
can someone tell the black people in chicago to stop killing one another before it becomes detroit
canadians rejecting misogynist gay / jew / westhating islam must fearlessly expose uglytruth #m103
certainly the most turkic-looking white man i've ever seen . but race is a social construct so the msm must be right .
civil rights laws were implemented to dispossess and enslave white people . this is part of #whitegenocide
correction  islamic jihad in america is feminist and pro-gay  until muslims are the majority . then wo
cuck island : eyewitnesses report that police ran away from moslem terrorists via
defend yourself . deport the muslims .
deflection-projection . the only real violence comes from antifa types who go out of their wa
did you all hear the bs the media is spreading about our fuhrer ? #micropenis
do immigrants ever ask why  for whom  they happen to live in the west ? #nrx
do you know that if you walk any where in south africa as white nationalist you get kill don't ever go there my dear
don't bother sending your son to #boyscouts anymore ... #perversion #family #children
don't muslims commit hate crimes against jews every time they visit a mosque and pray to kill the jew behind them ?
either tn or kentucky would work . georgia has too much atlanta in it  if'n you know what i mean .
enjoy your white genocide
europeans are both white and genetically distinct from all other human groups .
expulsion of white farmers has destroyed zimbabwe  afrocentric marxism has been a catastrophe for the black race :
for the birthday of adolf #hitler - html #meinkampf with numbered paragraphs for quick reference and study :
google is censoring us  9/11 anniversary coming up  gonna be a #muslimbrotherhood #circlejerk
guidestar using a hate group ( southern poverty law ctr ) to identify christian  pro-life  pro constitution group and mislabel them !
he was embraced by conservatism . conservatism and lefties love lgbt  not us
heimbach doesn't advocate for whites  he works with the jew media to attack white identity . why do you hate white people ?
hey jared  jews may look white  but they sure dont act white ! | daily stormer
hi can i get a couple of grammes of your white power ?
hispanic assimilation has failed rt #tcot #tlot #teaparty #ocra #ampat
hitler was germany  germans shall rise again !
i am not jewish blood . i don't support jew agenda's or jew supremacy . jason are you a jewish supremacist ?
i am now a white nationalist
i can go for no wall whatsoever just have armed military stationed along the border and shoot on sight
i cannot believe your hating on white power
i favor immigration reduction / border controls  but think i'm cool if they start a biz & hire native-born americans
i really only care about preserving white countries .
i see white children living happily in white countries . white countries must return to being white .
i think that separatism is a guise for race war . this white collective is out of rational fear . 1/2
i'm surprised that jihad enablers would not be onto you  but anyway smears are all from you to me  not vice versa
if anyone really watched the difference between whites from houston after harvey w / pr & florida between ; you saw the difference in culture .
if we don't oust the suicidal left from their positions of power  #whitegenocide will never end . #parisattacks
if you take them literally ( as i do ) there are only 1 race that matters : the white race . #hailvictory
if you're not white then you're stupid for having swastikas on your profile
ignorant things ? blacks rioting and destroying commerce and civilization . it's why whites abandoned st . louis years ago
in georgia  the #truconservatives are incapable of stopping the radical left from forcing christian pastors to perform gay marriages
innocent white girl shot to death for fun by black racist killers | read more : via
is it denial or acceptance > a likeness btw obama & hollande ... fix immigration stop radical islam control in us
isis is in the white house . that's why the border is open .
islam is a white man's fraud .
islam was taking white slaves up even to iceland until the 1890s  yet who is condemned 4 slavery ? white people  its #whitegenocide propaganda
islamists latest shocking brutalisation of #myjihad #arrestshazia modi muslims #femen
israeli president netanyahu criticized for allowing his son to race-mix with white goyim girl via
it appears if you're an officer of the law you should just let people  especially young black men  shoot at you . cuz #racism #shawshooting
it can be . i'm speaking generally of course . if a jewish nationalist killed nine people  i'd feel the same .
it is muslim law to kill gay pple ?
it's not okay to be white ... it's glorious .
it's political parties like you that make america the great white god loving nation in is today #feelsgoodtobewhite
it's too bad that neocons won't allow white people to feel the same way without getting called ugly epithets .
jew alan dershowitz claims jews are entitled to control the media daily stormer
jewish federal judge blocks deportation orders for hundreds of iraqi rapists and murderers via
jewish war on nordic sweden : israeli government openly exports african illegal immigrants to
jews are doing to whites what they did to palestinians . palestinian genocide  then white genocide .
legalize daca and watch a tsunami of more kids from south america flood our schools . oh wait  that happened already and is still happening .
lift off ! #altright
look it's nothing against hindus but it comes back to nationalism . every non white with a job here is a white out of work
mandela's rainbow nation : white woman raped then stoned by racist blacks in south africa via
may he rest in peace . i didnt know him  i bet he was a good man . stood for what was right  the white race .
melding marxist socialism with jewish vulture capitalism + jewish corporatism = national socialism + fascism
milo literally said he lost his virginity when he was 15 in a 5some.poz af .
multiple people on splc hate list are on trumps transition team daily stormer
my friends in india sent me this . muslims slaughtering buddhist .
my value of all people matter is why i won't be quiet when ppl white race shame
no moe white america . no more plantation . deal with it . accept it .
no on daca no on amnesty
nobody will take white identity seriously if you yell muh jew for every issue . we need to talk about how great our culture is .
not idiots ; white and black is none of our business ; only aryans are invited
not possible . the moment you enter illegally you are a criminal omitting a crime . try again .
nothing odd about it . we are all europeans who live in america  and our ancestors created this nation ; an extension of europe .
now it has that commercial where the travel show guy recommends race-mixing to eliminate white people .
obama praises black lives matter activists . i guess he forgot that whole pigs in a blanket fry em like bacon chant
obama's fault charge him with accessory 2 all crimes committed by illegal aliens & any by refugees his fault 4 real
ohio needs to be white again !
ok to hate new york city again : it looks like new york citys brief flirtation with white civilization ( 1994 ...
only white people conquered the amerindians & founded the united states of america . take your low iq anti-white racism away from us  period .
people who identify as ' womanist ' generally don't mention facts
police standing down  let antifa blm destroy & that have targeted them  resign  let antifa
ppl just don't listen & hate pres trying to clean up evil politicians . obama started race wars again by denouncing his white half . he is b / w
pretty good microcosm of society - degeneracy siphoning the lifeblood of white achievement .
race war brewing : dallas shooter confirmed member of new black panther party | read more : via
right  cause people fail to stand up for their race because they might get a texas cult shot up by the feds
ritual muti killings is a way of life in rural areas of black south africa via
service before self - the gay conspiracy of white nationalism is revealed
sharia is hate ! you're a special kind of stupid  aren't ya ?
she's another jew promoting adl / splc . she assisted in having jihad watch
so a cop from a sanctuary city what they think . want a rapist to get away because the raped is afraid of being deported ?
so black pride is fine  but white pride is racist ... riiiiiiight .
so the new black panther party isn't racist ? they are protecting blacks ? then where's the protecting whites ?
splc preaches hate against conservatives and white people
steve clevenger is suspended for speaking out against the anti-white attacks in #charlotte and the anti-white hate of #blm .
stop anti-white cultural appropriation | more : via
stop the white genocide ! #wpww
subscribe to america's national socialist publication : the white worker ! only $ 20 for one full year .
telling it like it is  as always : be not ashamed  white male via
the employment non-discrimination act ( enda ): a threat to free markets and freedom of conscience and religion
the globalist multicultural anti-white minions gonna hate . whatcha gonna do  smh . keep it up jess  we're winning .
the last bastion of the white race : 90 % of young finnish people oppose more non-white immigration via
the only thing that happened is that jews came in and used homosexuals and blacks to take down white america . same as now .
the poorest black countries are the ones where white supremacy and colonialism left the smallest imprint .
the white genocide continues : white race now a minority in three more uk towns and cities via
the white genocide manifesto via
them white folks must be racist  cause dem po blks could not be at fault . so misunderstood
there are few doubts that allowing one more 10 to 30 milion increase of poor #illegalaliens will change #usa 4ever
they move into the third mixed nation .
this war on the white race needs to end .
triumph of the will gives me goosebumps . i must be a national socialist .
unguys r so incredibly passe  irrelevant  ignorant of value  don't know that jews r white  that jesus is jewish . god loves all people
video anti white racism has reached critical mass in america #nationalsocialism #nationalism
voted to avoid pointless wars and third world immigration . got pointless wars and more third world immigration .
wake up white people .
war against the south : gov . nathan deal quietly removes confederate holidays from statecalendar
we love you friends #hottestwhite #whitepower
weird how they tolerate sharia  but not white nationalism  or even white refugees .
were built by white people . founded on white principles . 2 /
what disgusting anti-white trash . #wakeup #whitepeople #wpww
what's worse ? isis or the united gop / dnc attacking what's left of white southern heritage in america ?
when a british prime minister praised adolf hitler as greatest living german #swrm via
white countries working together now ?
white genocide is real
white genocide is the program .
white guilt is over .
white guy attacked by illegal alienaccused of being racist by a mexican .
white makes right . #itsoktobewhite
white nationalists are not going to be the spearhead of change in the socialist direction .
white people are evil and deserve discrimination via #thanksjews
white people are getting wise to the jews of hollywood and their ways . #movies #tv #dvd
white people cured polio . one of many unearned privileges of living in a white society .
white people need to travel in groups of 3 to 5.america is a combat zone.no respect for womenchildren elderly .
white power ! in white contries !
white powers son
white pride should be encouraged & nourished . white guilt is self-hate & based on malicious lies  libel & slander .
white pride world wide t-shirt from the white resister : via
white self hate .
white south africa trapped like frogs in boiling water as anti-white racial violence escalates via
whites don't need anyone's permission to take care of themselves .
who cares to wager that will attack tonight because they don't hate white kids ? #charlestonshooting #charlestonstrong
why don't liberals get what illegal means ? if you are here illegally  u need to go .. it is not racist or hate . don't belong
with the help of congress  donald trump will build a wall along our southern border . we must secure our borders  it's national security !
y'all are probably white supremacists peopl
yeah hopefully sweden can b saved . america is a lost cause few white people stand up .
yeah i knew a muslim once  he was peaceful ... so ... that proves islam means peace . #tcot
yeah it's called white nationalism . knows pepe is a hate symbol now
yep . the white mormon tabernacle choir is a hate group according to the white-hating jewish splc ...
yep jews are not white but is white
yes they teach it  white shame our kids . and turn black children into victims  who hate white ppl . starts young . must change .
yes those arabs raped white women in their slavetrade . we all know about jews and slaves .
you only think you're a winner because of olive-skinned people . get a life  loser
you're a bit more mellow than i am this morning  tommy . all muslims must be considered potential terrorists
you're the reason everyone hates white people
you've proven nothing except that you hate white people and wish to bring down whites .
your taking it in the wrong context . i had said the same thing ! but its how and why the women was killed in question . any race can use their position of power against a group they resent . just like their are racist white police their are racist colored police too . keep it real .
  " : incog man : apeman burns beautiful white teen in car trunk via " " "
  " : kkk alive and well white brother hood unite ku klux klan " " hey do u recruit kindergartners "
  " america was built by white people  and a small portion of them happened to use black people as farm equipment . " " "
  " american " " means nothing . whites need to start looking out for themselves . u want " " america " " to end up like south africa ? "
  " and by this political union between them  holding the white race at the south in complete subjection . " " brilliant piece ! love ! "
  " diverse " " britain : black gangs to be rewarded with free barbecues and sports events | more : "
  " white supremacist site " " lmao ! i guess advocating for the interests of your own tribe / people constitutes " " supremacy " " . "
 #altrightmeans  " white supremacy " " is a recognition of white quality  and " " white privilege " " is simply white achievement . "
 #istandfordiversity is a hashtag that's mostly just being used to say  " i hate white people . " " join  serve your people . "
 aren't most  " white nationalists " " tradecucks  jews and / or . gov snitches ? "
 basically ? she outright said it . this is leftist doctrine 101 all whites are racist even the  " anti-racist " " ones . "
 but you attack  " black nationalism " " when are you going after those white nationalist folks ? any tweets of you debating them ? "
 i . e . it's not ok to be white  " in minnesota "
 name one of these thriving black communities that black people  " built . " " "
 radical muslims will try to kill you .  " moderate " " muslims try to kill your culture . that is jihad . "
 roosh is non-white  a sleazy disgusting self-serving iranian  who is trying to be accepted as  " white " " . "
 rt  " diversity " " = nonwhite ; " " white supremacist " " = not anti-white . "
 rt :  " tribute to rudolf hess " " t-shirt from the white resister "
 rt : in america any group of organized whites is going to be called  " nazis " " regardless of their optics . "
 rt i wish they'd just be honest and say  " white people  we want you to die out & replace you with low-iq slave workers " " "
 some #liberal extremists actually believe a thing called  " white privilege " " exists in america  when in #fact the opposite is true . #tlot "
 thats a pretty big book for an antifa handbook . their movement can be summed up as  " throw feces and urine at anyone to the right of marx . " " "
 video : south african blacks attempt to kidnap white toddlers for ritual  " muti " " murders via "
 yes white brethren we shall unite rt  " : kkk alive and well white brother hood unite ku klux klan " " "
#hillary getting illegal aliens to vote : #mexico #immigration #amnesty #treason
#immigration courts ' operating in crisis mode  ' judges say via #noamnesty
#plannedparenthood #white people in america are under a constant threat of violence by #mexicans & #blacks
#zee news has blocked us ! ! ! editors have lost balance . national socialism can not be blocked  we have arrived
& i talk alt media  israels role in 9/11  wwii revisionism & the jewish assault on western civilization
- muslims don't have a problem with selling drugs and alcohol to non muslims . easy to control addicted people .
. 3 ) they see you as a white man . you're going to be forced to acknowledge your identity eventually .
. i for one am very passionate about making my part of making the white race better for a future . i have white babies ...
15 year old white danish girl blinded by african muslims in racially motivated hate crime | read via
2 . i do this because you focus your hate on whites while downplaying non-white horrors .
2 . they can't commit welfare fraud  by hiding income . 3 . they pay their fair share of taxes . illegal immigration must end  bad 4 all .
9 year old white boy commits suicide after being tormented for months by racist arabs | more : via
: both nj terrorist ahmad rahami & minn terrorist dahir adan lived with their parents . yet their parents claim they are shoc
: david duke : the racial murder and rape of white women in america of whites  victims of nonwhite crime .
: italian authorities have blocked access to stormfront in italy and arrested patriots for posting on it ! read more : h ...
: the most oppressed demographic in the #us is the white #workingclass  tbh
> be a jew > have an ethnostate > laugh at those who want their own
a bunch of white ppl waving the confederate flag plays right into msm / obama narrative that south is still racist
absolutely not . white protestant christians built america and
aclu is no longer a protector of human rights . they are a protector of sharia rights
afghanistan : jihad / martyrdom suicide bomber murders eight at funeral : no compassion  no quarter  no mercy  no re ...
america was meant to be a white country . jim crow was meant to preserve the america the founding fathers envisioned .
and look at california now . a hispanic state wanting to secede .
and normal people see normal family . how things have fallen ...
another holocaust survivor hoax exposed
another white male kills in historic numbers .
anti-semitism alive and well in america  mostly from the right wing whites who pretend to be republican .
are you against the preservation of white majorities ? how does the perpetuation of a race negatively impact you ?
article 4 sec 4 of our constitution . black & white . we are being invaded .
bbc fires award-winning white male comedian for being white and male
because it's the true heritage and origin of the white race ! ~
because your fans are mostly white . cohenservatives hate white people .
belgium : non-white invader rapes white woman after dont rape course | read more : via
black celebrities who belong to 5 % er anti-white race war cult va
black mob pounces on young white couple
black people only seem to thrive in white countries . how strange .
blacks are shot by police in proportion to the number of stops . whites are murdered by blacks dispropor
bret stephens admits that the ( ( ( conservative movement ) ) ) steered conservatism away from tradition  blood and soil .
but flooding white america with race mixing in advertisements is just as wrong as forcing an individual to not marry someone of other race .
but hate speech and violent acts of hate perpetrated against white people is just fine with the scumbag
but there is an anti-white agenda . nobody is pro white and if they even consider that thought they are called nazis .
by the looks of it you have our heritage as well or are you transracial like rachel dolezal ?
can you give us examples of some of these more equal societies that have less crime ? any that are not white or asian in particular ?
cbn : sweden is on the fast tract to become a 3rd world country #swrm via
daily terrorism the new normal in the lands of diversity  aka white countries & only white countries .
david lane : the white genocide manifesto #swrm #davidlane #fourteenwords via
detroit : the death of white civilisation via
detroit : the death of white civilisation | more : via
discussing jewish power and influence is anti-semitic #withjewswelose
erryone knows jews  hispanics and mulattos are white .
ethics r subjective & white . truth is objective . if cultmarx white genocide succeeds t
ethnic norwegians disappearing as non-white colonization intensifies #swrm #white via
europe must rise before the lovely white race is completely destroyed
even here i can see under the caps are no white people - looks like obama and his devout moslims
even the scull structure are diverent  the white race has got a crown in the middle of our hairline  the blacks don't ..
explain to me why white nationalist ideology shouldnt be allowed to be discussed ? there is nationalism concerning every other race that is allowed  but its only disallowed when its white nationalism . why is that ?
from what i'm reading here in the us  it's racial hate from blacks on white  and especially the farmer .
god bless the work of . these leaflet drops should be the standard for white advocacy in america .
golden dawn announces imia march 2013 : every white nationalist is invited via
gosh darn  to bad we whites deserve it for being mean to some brown people a long time ago . diversity is the future !
had whites put something like this out  there would be a huge manhunt for the ringleaders .
half of those ppl have a significant % white heritage .
has numerous excellent articles on their site proving that white people are the only race who take care of the environment .
head for liberia  advance your people and be free of the white man .
hey black lies matter how does it feel knowing the white man you hate so much is still leading and lying to you ?
honestly ~ i didn't know those white-looking individuals who badmouthed white people are ( ( ( them ) ) ) inside
how about that : muslims in canadian jihad plot were apparently really swell guys : educated  well off  respec ...
how can #churches protect themselves in the wake of the courts gay marriage ruling ? via &
i already answered this . why are you denying racial iq and evolutionary psychology / biology ?
i believe your are slurring all white people  its offensive . #waronwhites
i can appreciate that . i'm against non white immigration because far too many hate whites .
i hate the media  how manipulative and vile they are  always covering up for islam  but quick to demonize white people .
i live in maxine waters district  she's always been one of the most racist politicians in america . to her hating white people isn't racist .
i opine  today's america supports jews  chinese  migrated muslims and all races but neglecting its white aborigines !
i want to save lives  cut costs  and save our major cities . and disarming black people is the most effective solution #nra
i'd like to hear their explanation on how white supremacy harms white people .
i'm a strasserist which means technically that i'm a leftist . i see capitalism as the enemy of european culture .
if defending your southern ancestors makes one a racist  then i am a racist . unlike pathetic i will not repudiate my grandparents .
if she dropped him like that ? no . but a dude hitting a woman is objectively less ok than reverse . we're physically much stronger on average .
if that is so  it clearly shows the hate crime punishment is only for white men .
if you are a person of european  non-amerindian heritage  send us an application .
illegal aliens who kill citizens need to be deported . to say its racist is like me saying mafia rico laws are racist
illegal immigration is theft
in this day and age being white is a bad word
is atlanta still considered the south ? or new congo ?
islamists throughout the white house ? #rt #stopislam #crusades #makedclisten #wakeupamerica
islamophobia ? what do these people expect when they kill us and fly airplanes into our buildings ?
it has nothing to do with being american but everything to with the preservation of the white race .
it's a scientific fact that the white race is superior . #opkkk
it's funny you think a white country should have non-white nationalists . a country is i
it's not wrong if you're any other race  but if you're white  you're a white supremist  racist  bigot
jew run facebook takes down uc berkeley white student union
jew run google soliciting donations to support non-white invasion of europe via
jewish journalist alanna schubach wants to bring multiculturalism to the noble japanese  ending millennia of tradition and homogeneity .
jews are known for bravery . they could simply move to israel but instead they try to pass as white .
jews are not white . they admit this themselves and they have difference dna than gentiles
jews are now in full control : canadian man goes to jail for posting on white nationalist websites | read more :
jews have always instigated and radicalized other racial minorities against white societies - they admit it here :
just don't allow any in and start hiring our american people to do the jobs .
kill your just set white people back a 100 yrs and made race baiters look great !
kkk alive and well white brother hood unite ku klux klan white power accept me brothers !
latvia : thousands hold stop white genocide rallies | read more : via
linking the cops to the rally is lame . paul ryan supports globalization and white genoci
love white genocide . also see this :
low iq  higher crime rates  higher rates of fatherless households
massive white revolution *
meaning 1 white for every 30 ?
merry christmas from identity evropa !
millions of africans every year leave lands controlled by blacks to live in lands controlled by whites . come on  man
moscow ? or pakistan ? .. #wr #whiteresistance #whitegenocide
muslim who slashed ny cop w / cleaver deemed not a terror threat after ... by via
must must must read . mt you're allowed to speak about jihad violence in uk  as long as you're for it .
my ancestors conquered this land . why would i squander my inheritance ?
nearly .. america was a white european country ... the fact you are ignorant of this fact is odd ...
no more white submissivism to jewish supremacism .
no rebranding isn't needed  america's roots are white nationalism . #redpillamerica #americanhistory #makewamericanschooseiftheywatobeamerican
no sanctuary cities ( period ) !
nomore babysitters for the illegals breaking the law .
nonsense . slaves  unlike poor whites  had access to healthcare and a better diet than even modern blacks .
not surprised . liberals & islamists biggest threat to india . oh & add indian main stream media to it as well
not to mention jews are listed as whites  so the white per capita number is already distorted ...
old white men are being phased out of government  and this election is a last gasp to curtail immigration & keep usa white .
only a stupid white person would prefer white patriots to vanish ! take a stroll through a no go zone and see -
only hope for the white race is to form separate b / w nations otherwise we'll forever be victims of communism & class envy .
people encourage mixed race relationships which is breeding out the white race that's white racial genocide .
please check out our movie #thegranddeception about the #muslimbrotherhood in usa .
previous article hid his black race - but i knew it was a black male killing a young white woman
ramadan begins in afghanistan : muslim murder 18 with jihad suicide car bomb
reality is worse than this picture . at least the couple are white here . liberal media and le
retweeted the aa agenda ( ): he's a gay transvestite white ...
sadly this is what the older jewish sect wants . a black on white race war
saving the white race - is it time yet ? - renegade tribune
seriously don't they know that we all bleed red ? when a muslim blows up a european hes reall
shaun is black . why are you obsessed with his race ? you like white boys ? skinny lil white boys ?
she doesn't recognize white people's right to exist  and alexandria is 60 % white  so why would she care ? it's simple math .
shut it down : as the jewish media loses power  alternative media comes under attack via
so islam doesn't command to kill disbelievers ? is that what you are saying ?
so we should race mix to ensure genetic diversity and healthy multiculturalism ? wow ! thanks anp .
such a display of enthusiastic flag-waving is sure to outrage the powers that be in the eu . nationalism isn't dead  and that's a good thing
texas a & m . #projectsiege
that's because it's their religious duty to rid the world of women  permanently .
the biggest mistake the emperor of germany ever made was forcing ( ( ( them ) ) ) to take european names . now we've got all of these steins  bergs and sons running around . instead of folks with asiatic names that would mark them out
the kkk . how old does my little boy need to be to join ?
the left would literally rather a white man murder 700 people  than see any other race be found guilty of jay walking . it's pathetic .
the liberal zionist crisis - - white nationalists are villains  but settlers are ' complex '
the main threat to whites ( europeans ) are other whites ( antiwhite whites )  not any low iq 3rd worlder .
the ongoing war against white people : european front
the people hate the gop . don't worry  charlottesville was just the beginning . we're growing extremely fast .
the people who predicted the catastrophic result of mass immigration were banished from political discourse
the realist report : don advo the war on white people via
the war against white people proof #tcot
the white genocide continues : white race now a minority in three more uk towns and cities via #flegs
the white house is the jihad terror on american soil
then you're an idiot.to start with  ns killed oodles of white people and h
these people are all white . where's the diversity ? immigration = immigrants . meaning not white .
they are doing great work for white people .
they say they are anti-racist  but what they really are is anti-white ! | more : via
this ^ the white race's response  or lack thereof  2 these attempts 2 eradicate our past &
this is a white identitarian group silly  no parasites here
this is just another good reason for white southerners to quit giving their money to the nfl .
this is the best get out of jail free card cucks have . every time trump governs like obama it's actuall
this photo was taken after fields drove his car  isis-like  into the crowd . see the people lying on the ground ?
time to stand up ! we r taking this country back ! #truth #maga #trump #pence law & order supporter
translated : milo realizes as a jew he will not be included in white identity politics and would be a minority
unarmed white man murdered by police in tx . where was his white privilege ?
uniting the white : the white wing is getting its act together via
unless a candidate declares clearly + openly he is for the white race you can be sure he isn't and won't do squat
very happy to hear this ; gives heart to all nationalists who oppose #whitegenocide
vote for roy moore . get those people out of dc
watch antifa member attack a supporter at the event . #auburnlive #auburn #altright
we are being manipulated  they want the patriotic white american to be the terrorist .
we are going to be free white and proud . your pc prison will not hold us forever ... a white
we must . we have too : dr . david duke : will the white race survive ? ( video ) )
we're you better off under sharia ? the white people saved what was left of your country your welcome to learn your history
what ? i'm not allowed to hate illegal aliens ? i hate muggers too ! in fact i pretty much hate all criminals
what she really means is your white  allah will judge you  and non-believers have no morality . ;) :
where is new testament says to kill rape anyone ? nowhere . prophet koran hadith command you to kill rape nonbelievers if you want go heaven
where they all committed suicide . so what's you take on the jew involvement ?
white = racist
white boy metal #blackmetal #paganmetal #altright #whitegenocide #nationalsocialism #whitepride
white genocide accelerates in new zealand va #waronwhites
white genocidists hosts
white is creator of modern science  no one can dilute it . we want white to flourish  beautiful
white man march 2.0 #whitemanmarch
white nationalism is horrible but jews have a right to a state of their own in palestine ? ? ?
white peaple where the first at everything  we deserve love
white people can all drink bleach
white people don't exist  only black people do
white power bottom ! ! !
white pride world wide no white guilt here .
white privilege is racial slur created by racist blacks .
white race saving humanity  as usual !
white south africans like frogs in boiling water as anti-white racial violence escalates via
white supremacists ? how about white trash that have no jobs and can easily be hired by soros to do what he wants . 100 % manufactured .
whiteness is supreme in white countries . every other race is even more ethnocentric than even whites are  in their respective countries
why - send the illegals with a free bus ticket  $ 1000 and tell them berkeley liberals are easy ... win win * they can never tell
why bring them here if there is no place to live ? no jobs ? what the ...
why do you always try to call people white nationalist why can't you call them white people or westren people what do you use all these code words that are meant to sound racist and bigoted
why it is unnecessary to force jack phillips to bake a wedding cake . hint : happy availability . #justiceforjack
why white people seek black privilege - breitbart
why your white be proud of your own race and look out for your own race just like obama looked out just for his own race
wow you guys are some confused racists . is that anti-nazi banner for real ? you do know you literally have the same goals right ?
xtian left is digging its own grave by appeasing islam  nobel peace prize was awarded to an indian for denouncing hinduism .
yes . we hate terrorists and people who think that that can kill others in the name of islam . you know  sharia . #nosharialaw
yet more anti white propaganda
you don't have to hate them . jews aren't white . hitler  for all his mistakes  would have been b
you expect them to tolerate anti-white terrorists ?
you say that if anybody objects to turning europe / america non-white ( genocide under law )  they are white supremacistsyou don't hate all whites  just the ones who object to the genocide you demand upon whites
you're delusional . firstly race determines culture & secondly race relations continue to decline due to forcing diversity on the white west .
your lack of followers shows how little message of #hate resonates these days . sad pathetic uneducated white boys .
your right the money yhey take from america and send it back to mexico helps yhem grow there economy
your wrong and the white guilt agenda you push is what woke me . must suck to not even know your actions are not of your own  but socially engineered . now dance robot
  " diversity " " and " " multiculturalism " " are only for white countries - the jews in israel don't tolerate these scams "
  " milo is alt-right " " - ( ( ( weisman ) ) ) nice try shlohmo "
  " white privilege conference " " says resisting jihad is racist  bashes robert spencer and pamela geller - - we respond "
 . so is the term  " white privilege " " intended to make whites feel guilty . white & black pride is a good thing . "
 and by too racist he means  " not devaluing white people enough . " " "
 because it's true even though they deny it -  " anti-racist " " is a code word for " " anti-white " " ! "
 has to say  " proud jew " " because she can't pass as white . "
 heidi cruz supports merging the us with mexico so that employers can have  " rapid access to a larger pool of skilled labor " " #cruzcrew "
 if you join we can make america a great aesthetic  pro white european  effective and efficient  " empire " " "
 milo is gay & jew  " ish " " . "
 most  " hate crimes " " are hoaxed . white people are not out here targeting blacks and jews . they do it to push their agenda of white racist "
 msm running with it anyway  apparently it appeased the snowflakes . they shud be more concerned bout  " spirit cooking " " than nazi's "
 of course . unlike many white racists  we aren't  " mindless haters . " " the jewish " " finance shark " " isn't any worse than a white one "
 of course this jew is feigning that he  " has no idea " " why white people are angry . he knows very well  he's trying to hide it . "
 rt  " this issue  then  is about much more than law : it is about the task facing all people of european ancestry . our task  from america to germany to new zealand  is to be  and re-create  who we are . " " - winston taney "
 rt  " white women should be hunted & killed " " ? ? this is already happening in america - there is a huge amount of black on white violence . "
 rt : richard lynn and helmuth nyborg reply to ron unz '  " debunking " " of genetic basis for group iq differences : ... "
 rt judge rules illegal alien incompetent to stand trial for dui death because of  " unique cultural background " " ! ... "
 rt watch how russians handle their muslim invaders instead of giving them welfare like we do .  " russians vs muslims " " "
 seven misunderstanders of islam nabbed in israel for plots to kidnap soldiers  murder christians :  " this is o ... "
 tell me  what  " race " " is islam ? isn't " " racist " " for criticizing a violent ideology that urges followers to kill people . "
 this construction exactly reverses the power dynamic of the holocaust - in  " white genocide " "  white european-americans are the putative victims  and jews ( often signified by the term " " cultural marxists " " ) are cast as the eliminationist oppressor . "
 whites used to oppose dispossession . look at the book  " the alien immigrant " " 1903 . blame cucks . "
 you're a leader of a hate group .  " alt right " " is pretty generous . any more updates on that " " muslim cop who shot a white woman " " ? "
#alwaystrump because of alabama's immigration law  hb 56
#auspol uk : racist black man punches pregnant white girl in stomach as onlookers watch in horror via
#capitalism is killing us . it is the death warrant of the white race . #politics #greed #obama #islam
#icantlivewithout my #ebt #black people
#istandfordiversity because the white race already has all the diversity it needs . we don't need mass immigration . join ! !
#reginalddennyday #wpww #whitegenocide #whitegenocide #antiracisthitler #gaza
& both intelligent black patriots . dems new chains they want to put on minorities go by the names blm & antifa .
- 1 fertile white womb
- not a chance ! - this is #america ! sharia opposition unifies america via
1 ) they have courage of conviction  those white men who publicly gather as white men . thei
3 . no  you're an anti-white marxist seeking to bring down white people - by your own admission .
7 / white south africans are asking for our help . they're trying to get the word out about what is happening to the white community
: 84 % of all wanted criminals in copenhagen are non-white
: discussion time : morality and the potential destruction of white civilization via
: kkklanneed to report illegals contact ice 1-866- dhs - 2 - ice what if they cut your hedges for real cheap ?
: once again islam and its followers are trying to invade and force conversion by any means . as our ancestors
: proof of white genocide video :
: russian tv report on france's white genocide by mass immigration via #jewishimmi ...
: we are organizing against new mexico driver's licenses for illegals ... stay tune ...
: we boers identify with the south . our ancestors also fought against an overwhelming  avaricious enemy . the b
: when i say i hate white people  this is why lool
: white tourists savagely beaten in new orleans via
absolutely  jews keep dying at the hands of white jews in order for the few je
adolf hitler - a short  nice video of our #aryan #hero : #courage #genius #integrity #honor
aids skrillex & carl the cuck : you're a white male
al qaeda to jihadis : make sure to kill white people to avoid hate crime label #orlando #al-qaeda
america is the name for the historical anglo protestant nation . the country  the usa  should be white .
american indians are asiatic mongrels  they have no claim to america or the 1st world nation whites built on top of it
americans are white . it was founded  created  and ran by whites until boomer hippies got white guilt
anti-white ( ( ( ) ) ) walks out of gop convention . maybe he should move to israel since he so detests white goyim .
anti-white propaganda from ( ( ( hollywood ) ) ) ...
anti-white un boss demands more non-white immigration into britain  despite major opposition via
antifa is code word for anti-white #whitegenocide #berkeley
as a true pro-white who refers to white people as inbred trash  you need to listen to my advice on how
as it was intended .. #whitegenocide #kalergi
basically liberia in the south
being pro-white is to be pro-american . if you don ; t like white america  you can leave !
bernie's a cuck . who lives in fear of white supremacists  who ? maybe in the 50s  but this is balkanized america .
black man openly fantasizes about slaughtering white girls during race war ( video ) #swrm #racist via
black panther leader tells a crowd in charleston to kill whites and their children
black thug attacks old white man with urine because of slavery #swrm via
blacks begrudge white people
btw most that go as jews nowaday are azerbeidjani ( kazar ) .. white looking but black hair .. ie the many killercops
build the wall . #maga
but clearly it was never originally intended for application outside white race .
carolyn  if i were to recommend a book to you it would be the epic 2 volume march of the titans : a complete history of the white race !
cnn wants black people to think the president is racist . look around you
credibility of white race will be lost if they resort to lies & cheating on taliban & isis
cuckservatives : ted cruz celebrates martin luther kingday
do yall blaze up on hitlers bday 420 sieg heil blaze it ?
do you really believe latino and white is interchangeable ? i'd love the day for you to refer to yourself as a proud white .
don't capitalize the j in jew . it really gets to them . plus jews never capitalize the w in white . exceptions : titles & beginning a sentence .
don't forget that in addition to being white makes you a racist we're supposed to feel guilty abt what monsters we r & how easy we've had it
donald trump is going to kill the and i couldn't be happier . it's a party dedicated to destruction of white america
elder from all of white racist trump loving americans . happy thanksgiving to you and your family sir .
ernst zndel : the hitler we loved and why | read more : via how we need him now .
especially on a campus that has professors advocating against white makes and for white genocide
euro jews may be white  but tariq is still a puppet ...
even those that don't support us but will gladly reap the benefits of a white society may
exactly right . your only racist if your white . believe me they hate us more than we hate them !
excellent ; just listening to moving speeches from enoch and sacco - those against white identity reaff
first it was the knockout game  which hasn't stopped . now they're destroying our heritage . soon it wil
flynn's resignation set a dangerous precedent for the administration . #sessions is essential to justice 4 white america . he must not #resign
for all people who dont know us we are the the nnp . we are the supporters of the by passing there messages to other white people !
german gangs are beating up immigrants after syrian refugees sexually assault ...
hate crimes are a joke ... its a one way street against white people
he looks like a fellow white person  we should trust him !
he's bitter stalin eventually cracked down on the jews . too late for the white russians
her whole twitter history is crying about white people to white people on white peoples invented technology in our white founded country .
hollywood  the news media  the entertainment media and the publishing industry are all dominated by jews :
horror night in swedish muslim ghetto : gang raped  raped until bleeding with a gun via
how dare people of european decent want their civilisation to live on & flourish ! ! so unreasonable !
how did less than 3 % of pop acquire so much clout ? oops  forgot it is anti-semitic of me to ask that question .
i am not a white supremacist . i am a race realist . no race is superior  we are different . blacks are physically superior  asians mentally .
i don't trust the census . it's a well known fact all of the middle easterners check the white box . america was destined to be what it is
i dont know if this is a good thing or bad but only time will tell ... hail our people !
i dont know why you feel the need to call us neo-nazis for openly defending our people . black lives matter must be neo-nazis as well just like the mexican government that has it written in their constitution that demographics must be protected .
i left white nationalism because of toxoids . you covered that at your site . yet here you are promoting them .
i like is explicitly pro-white . they are polite about it but they are pro-white . is also a good group .
i think the us constitution would be fine with an additional clause specifying only whites
i want whites to actually win ; any pseudo-nazi / klan imagery works against thtat goal .
i wonder if every white person investigated today including potus is because he is white . in today's world being white is crime unto itself
i would rather be an indentiarian than consider myself altright . i feel as if the alt-right brand is going to die off like the ron paul movement . we have better options to unite the white working class .
i'm sharing this  but i'm not going to make a comment about politics and diversity and how you can't have european culture without europeans . #tcot #altright #art #history
i'm so sick of candlelight vigils for the victims of #diversity . i want more for my people . they deserve more than a melting candle to remember them by . they deserve justice . the middle classes will be provoked  and their rage will not subside .
if he is pro white and becomes president  all the white countries will follow suit.no elections necessary !
if they don't say upfront they are for the white race its because they aren't !
if white race is not in danger why talk of mattis ? truth is that america foolishly promoted china and now china's proxy is ready 2attack u
if you import the third world you become the third world .
im a proud black man that worships europe  white people and white women ...
in october 2016  identity evropa activists went to pier 14 where kate steinle was murdered to protest against sanctuary cities and illegal immigration . today  we're sad to see that her murderer an illegal with seven felonies and
israel has always been our enemy . jews hate white christians even more than muslims . #parisattaques
it seems people are willing to sell the future of western children for a momentary feeling of misguided moral superiority .
jews and white nationalism go together like fire & diarrhea . #tcot #cuckservative
last attention you get . you're what's destroying white people  you make #blacklivesmatter look like
let's be a white resister : because the beauty of white aryan woman must not perish from the earth via
liberals demean our own heritage yet revere foreign culture either out of guilt or an inferiority complex .
lol people of color couldn't stop themselves from being enslaved last time & still can barely
long live the white race ; creators of all science
look  i'm sorry you're white  but you don't have to ruin it for everybody else .
mexicans have such strong family values and ' natural conservatism ' that when they replace us the abortion issue will be solved !
michelle obama and melanie trump differ in one key area : melania actually loves america and believes in it .
minneapolis mayoral candidate raymond dehn proposes disarming cops after muslim cop kills unarmed woman
modern heretic : jew explains plan for white disarmament  genocide #withjewswelose
most white south africans see americans as ignorant stupid fools like george w bush .
my child cannot pray in public schools where is the outrage #islamistheproblem deport islam
nationalism is in . now it's up to us to convince people that non-white america doesn't want and will not want a part of it
nationalist front to host white lives matter rally in middle tennessee via white is beautiful  ! !
new economics term : racial inelasticity - when you tax a race more  but they still vote for the group taxing them . e . g . progressive whites .
new fuhrer is so learned ! !
new york isn't white it's jewish
no  it's committed by non-whites . that was an entirely racial situation in san jose . call it like it is .
no  just londoners . where being white  british & proud sees you proclaimed a racist big
no  their hatred of white people . we saw this when blacks burned white books / art in south africa .
no amnesty ! ! many will be able to apply for government jobs in d future  putting our national security at risk !
nope the uk i'm from was all white different sub groups of white but still homogenous white are achievements are white .
obviously they hate white people and will increase their attacks on us . whites need to arm themselves now !
oh how the jews must be happy  all their anti-white propaganda is paying off .
one people . one nation . end imigration .
our cities were actually livable when they were run by those ebil racist white soopremacists
paul if you aren't a jew  uncuck yourself . #altright #whitenationalism npievents
people cannot be what god has not made them to be . blacks ' aggressions are survival tactics intended for living in africa .
people will rise up and take the country back  when they wake up  and they will wake up very soon .
picket businesses and even homes of anti white corporate filth ! no more mister nice guy ! white man fight !
pitiful .. how long till someone other than a muslim attacks a mosque  or a protest ? then what ? we better think about that .
pl dear fellow indians ... we all must boycott radicalised bollywood jihadi mullahs movies and their ad products
preserving our european identity is vital to turning america back to the country it once was .
profiteers ? nonsense . there is no money in #altright . we fight for freedom  not money .
race war in nyc : black power militants storm restaurants and harass white patrons via #waronwhites
racist or white supremacy would want nothing more than government programs . a single generation of welfare destroys so many skills  fathers
reality . any violence outta ' trump supporters a response to antifa / black bloc / anti-trumpers . after last fall  trumpers said no more .
road to 1488 update : repost with 50 % less dox some music  workout  hit 18 pullups
rt : #california gives $ 3 mill for legal assistance to central americans #noamnesty
smh you libs are totally disgusting . i doubt any illegal offered to die for you  maybe kill you but not die for you .
snacks for thought : why don't middle class black people vacation in trailer parks ?
still believes ( like trump ) that whites are superior race
stop the white genocide in south africa ! ( video ) via #whiteresister
thank you - i didn't know that part of the story . likely if most immigrants were coming from ireland / poland there wouldn't be such craziness
thanks for all that you do for #white #awareness  you and are ours white superheroes !
the birth of white identity in colonial america via
the black guy is trying to tell the other guy what his iq is . #drainthesewer
the end game of globalization is 1 world govt . whitey stands in the way & also why the white guilt / sham
the federalist : please stop glorifying manufacturing jobs via #globalization #freetrade #cuckservative
the flag of the northwest american republic  the coming white homeland and ethnostate .
the great dilemma of the democrat is to turn america non-white while still needing white votes to do it .
the immigration act of 1790 stipulated white but by further law never defined . unfortunately jews were considered white
the left will not stop - own them by triggering their anti-white hate - you win
the splc is an anti-white organization . you're just proving his point . they hide hate cr
the white holocaust of ukraine from russian jew communists .
the white man's revolution of 2016 via
the whole point of conservatism is to suppress white racial consciousness .
then i'm a racist who stands with you !
they are #wmd's just like negroids and mestizo's wake-up white man the race war has already begun ! #whitegenocide
they are sad that it's not a white person . lol .
they might be human beings  but they ain't pure white .
they really need to watch out for antifa . antifa may have hidden weapons under clothing as
this is in fact a jew larping as a white man larping a catholic priest
this is the cuck you wantedthe buck you called downdemarcus straddles your wife  a giantyou're not racist now
this is the future for minority whitey in america . kate steinle and justine murdered in the streets by token diversity minorities that should have never been here in the first place . being a white minority sure does sound like fun .
this jew is lying . western civilization is white civilization .
this magnifies ( ( ( proliferating ) ) ) anti-white agenda.the problem ~ many euro-descent millennials see ( ( ( them ) ) ) as white not ( ( ( subversion ) ) )
this should be a huge redpill for the normies - only white nationalists care about white lives .
to tell a people that they need diversity is to tell them that they are inadequate and deficient . white liberals are immoral evil people
translation : blacks need welfare from whites .
treason : commie-fornia assembly leader-america belongs to illegal a ... via white genocide
trump / taylor 2016 : let's make america hwhite again !
trumps agenda is not to white americas benefit ! jared kushner is a kabala practicing jew and he advises trump . look elsewhere for a white victory !
u white people won a battle  but your going to lose the war .
unless white america will step up & have more kids our total economy will tank trying to pay ss for baby boomer retirees w / o daca
vanity fair : why angry white america fell for putin via #waronwhites #culturalmarxism #
very white of you .
wake up real white people . italians are not white . they are half black .
we  white people  are in fact a global minority . so  why don't we have the right to protect and preserve our race ?
we are living in a country formed for and by white people .
we sit back like good people while they destroy our country and put our way of life at r
we who are pro-white want to preserve the white race . we believe that all races have the right to exist  including the white race .
we won't have any justice until this system fears white civil disobedience as much as it fears all the immigrant and minority riots . we'll keep having #katesteinle miscarriages of justice until they learn to fear us .
we're all vertebrates too . except for cucks .
we're looking through these data right now . it's clear though that even w / arabs classed as whites  whites are underrepresented per capita .
weimerica . ok ! i will die in a few years  protected . message as a pro white
what ? that is white ? i said #whitelivesmatter too
when islam enters new territories  its purpose is to destroy . #stopislam #
white americans are shockingly european despite decades of race mixing propaganda | more :
white board genocide is back !
white but also christian behavior .
white culture is what you get when you put white ppl together . wh cultures have more in common w each other than nonwhite .
white european jihad murderers are ok ?
white genocide accelerates in england : white british pupils will be outnumbered by 2037 #swrm via
white genocide accelerates in france : at least 1 in 3 newborns are non-white via
white genocide accelerates in new zealand | read more : via
white genocide in the united states of america a 100 year history #swrm via
white heritage and history go beyond the founding of america . usa was founded on the westernized european framework . identity evropa isn't a
white identity : racial consciousness in the 21st centuryjared taylorsupport and buy through them .
white nationalist are not violent . white supremacists are . big difference . nationalist live our co
white people are supreme get over it
white people in britain resisting propaganda to racially miscegenate  figures show | more :
white people shouldn't be wasting money on anti white rags like the washington post  new york times and
white resistance increases as minority status looms via tide comes in the tide goes out .
white skin is dominant phenotypically  last i heard . it's only socially that if you're not full-white you're considered tainted .
white women signaling they were wrong about feminism.white births a us majority again via
why are you offended by white people taking pride in their heritage ? i hope you're not an #antiwhite ...
why is india  a hindu majority nation  being expected to house the very rohingya terrorists who are killing hindus in myanmar ?
will is the first step to action . but you're right  strong action will be necessary to save europe for the white race .
yes  and give it to the white deserving poor .
yes . white gentiles address the jews no 1 enemy for sure . especially the white males . jews hate us
yes white people need more tribalism . it will be needed today for survival .
yet nazis are dominating your politics today  white race is in danger ; u must know
yet the white cuckolds are still there paying tons of money on these spoi
you can stop obamacare coverage for illegal aliens in california . find out more here :
you don't understand white identity .
you know god hates white people right ?
you really should denounce your white privilege  lol
you're white + want to protect & preserve your distinct race / ethnicity just like everyone else . that co
ys  it may b possible ; islamists have already warned us  india and other countries
  " fascism " " is now having borders and enforcing laws and making our own laws and governing ourselves like we used to do #trumprally "
  " panic mode time " " oh your god oh your god the mexicans are coming the mexicans brown are coming oh your god oh your god ! "
  " we the people ... " " * most * cease talking ! " " ... walk the walk ! " " america's time line is shortening w the infiltration of jihad . "
 ah  the joys of diversity :  " : south africas police arresting young women to rape them ... via " " "
 brilliant comments sandra !  " : black on white murders grow more sadistic in sa ( video ) via " " "
 go and find your  " black " " knight in shining armour ! #whenamericawasgreat #whitelivesmatter "
 great vid mr . taylor . been learning from your info for years . hillary said   " alt right " " and i said  " " that's me " " ! "
 had a lib tweet me once -  " trumpers are just afraid of a non white america " " and i was like-why would a white person want a non white america ? "
 how do  " they " " describe the white house correspondence dinner ? as a anti-white jewish propaganda rally ? "
 incredible how sf  " leaders " " want a policy where the cops tip off illegals & not cooperate with ice ! absolutely incredible ! ! "
 lol we are doomed . saying your proud to be white is  " racist " " lolololol what if you say proud to be black ? or asian ? or gay ? just lol "
 maybe you have a point  but are they  " white supremacists " " doing the sabotaging  or are they " " jewish supremacists " " ? "
 no ! what part of the word  " illegal " " don't people understand ? "
 oh yes  make sure we call those who want to kill children  " kind people of a misunderstood religion " " . next ? it's all america's fault ! "
 rt  " holocaust " " scam rolls on  jews told to apply for more cash : in essence this gets to the bottom of the contriv ... "
 rt who believes this utter bs ? the fake  " holocaust " " narrative is the most egregious and outrageous lie ever perpetrated against the world "
 rt why haven't white people started a group for  " white lives & police lives matter " " ? "
 saying someone isn't  " a real jew " " isn't racist  there is no such thing as a jewish race . just lib jews "
 should we rename the white house the  " white mosque ? " " #rt #stopislam #makedclisten #wakeupamerica "
 who are we ? - ( of ) proposes the term  " white advocate " " over #wn  #altright  identitarian "
 would he do this to a non white family ? white people are thought of as  " easy targets  " " because many are "
#aryan men & women will either rise up to fight for their heritage  children  & future  or the white race will cease to exist . your choice .
#democrat senator byrd was a exalted cyclops of the #kkk .
#freedom #justice nice ! all whites must become activists for the white race in any way they can  esp politically .
#israel # : israel : muslim fakes hate attack by extremist jews what about the real ones who kill babies ?
#whatilove is the amazing  creative  white race . #whiteppl #whitepeople #whitepride
#whitegenocide #womenunited for #love who wants a #purpleheart ? #dodge and #win
. 6219  408 ? 5895  116 ? what's the actual figure  jews ? what's the actual total  bought politicians ? exactly 6 mil  sheep ? #lies
. race is more than skin color . iq  voting  welfare  crime  aggression . open a biology book .
4 . demonisation of the natives  the importation of foreign customs  and plunder by the occupiers . - hunter wallace .
68 shot and 8 killed in chicago over the thanksgiving weekend but the race baiters keep blaming white supremacy . can you say copout ?
76 arrested statewide in ice-led multi-agency gang enforcement effort <-- good ! ! #immigration #tcot
84 % of all wanted criminals in copenhagen are non-white | more : via
: addendum : western politicians damage also europe christianity by ' pandering ' to islam . actually they dama
: exactly . the more these people kvetch the more excited i get for #unitetheright .
: in the history of history  have you ever heard about an openly pro-white not being labeled a racist ? if pr
: ku klux klan heads to ferguson race riots to guard white businesses and protect innocent whites
: no apologies here . ridiculous that white people are the only race not allowed to be proud
: nothing to see here . we all know black on black and black on white crime is acceptab
: racist black thugs shoot white baby in the face for the fun of it
: sen rejects o .. claim that legalizing illegal immigrants will help economy #illegalimmigration
: switzerland : muslim migrant sexually assaults woman in train station
: uk : 2007 video on muslim rape gangs not used amid fears of appearing racist
: white america is waking up : white people are losers in black run america #tcot #ocra #gop #teaparty
: whites tend to wait until the eleventh hour  when its time to circle the wagons the
> gaytriot front > white nationalist
after fifty years of integrated schools  blacks can't compete at the white or asian level in a single school district !
agreed . : anyone who supports #amnesty for foreign illegal invaders should move themselves south of the border .
all the founding fathers of the us were all white men . white people couldn't immigrate to a non-existent country  they created one .
america has problems to be honest but quite frankly i don't think it's the normal white family
an explanation is needed ? it's jewbook . is jared going to start naming jews now ?
and i'm an americansupremist not racist ! wow
and sure  kebab  what could a jew ever do to us ? if they kill us then they are dead  extinguished from the earth . capisce ? same with you .
and thereby aided and abetted in the multiple rapes of thousands of british girls  yes  that media .
anti-white racism has reached critical mass in america ( video ) via
anti-white system . and that's why we need pro-white activism to address that double standard .
are you racist for criticizing an idea ? #rt #stopislam #billwarnerphd #makedclisten #cspi
aren't you busy making excuses for syrian rapists ?
atlanta hawks poor attendance is blamed on black crowds making southern whites uncomfortable :
auschwitz didn't have a cinema and swimming pool for its prisoners ! #kkk #bbc3 #auschwitz #stopracism #alllivesmatter
because too many of them are ( ( ( white ) ) ) .
being racist and being aware of a race problem are different things . i don't hate a race . i just love mine . we have a racial invasion here .
being white = the original sin .
believes trump supporters are the dregs of white america . no  we are the angriest about what has happened to white america
black celebrities who belong to 5 % er anti-white race war cult #swrm #black #racists via
black on white violence ? emagen my shaaawk
black people in #ferguson acted exactly like we expected them to
black-white violence is one-sided  yet media trumpet blm myths . reality : anti-white hatred  no-go zones for whites . #blmkidnapping
cabela's is the last stand of implicit white identity .
charlottesville was our beer hall putsch . now we draw the left so far our the normies will vote for us .
cruz is the real outsider . palin is the real liberal . racist hollywood is run by white leftists of an otherwise indeterminate ethnicity .
cuckservatives : cpac chairman condemns thealt-right
da jooh privilege strikes on whites once again while da somali privilege gets cleared right away with no court
david duke : the racial murder and rape of white women in america | read more : via
deplorables don't need white supremacists trying to give us a bad name . you are worthless just like antifa and black lives matter . go away !
did the holocaust actually happen ?
diversity always means less white people . #whitegenocide #antiwhite
do muslims believe sharia law supersedes the constitution ?
done courtesy mostly by anti-white hypocrites who happen to be white .
dr . david duke : will the white race survive ? ( video ) #flegs #onthehill #tweetni via
education ? you mean anti white propaganda ?
elder  how in world are all of these racist / liberal democrats & racist immigrants  w
elder  you must be a white supremacist ... love your stuff .
elderly [ white ] us man punches [ black thug ] protester at trump rally via . the tide has turned .
even if it's not a racial construct ( which it is ) ' whiteness ' has an ethno-political significance  by virtue of your trying to eliminate it .
every single day u whites lose more ground .
everything is racist if a white person says or does it . but yes  the koran is religiously & culturally racist
fight back then and stop the insanity of sanctuary cities !
final : white lives matter event page via
free speech for jews & anti-whites only
gatlinburg wildfire : jews and blacks celebrate poor white people dying  arson suspected daily stormer
germany : muslim immigrants from africa claim they .. control all of the german
germany : non-white in one generation #swrm #germany #nonwhite #stopimmigration #merkelstanddown via
germany : non-white in one generation via
germany is hitler - hitler is germany !
good : iran's supreme leader questioning the reality of the holocaust | read more :
guess that makes us all racist !
haha . i went to college less than 20 miles from tuskegee . the blacks there ate incapable of sustaining a walmart
he is lucky white people are infinitely more disciplined than afros .
he should say that . he's an anti-white groid .
he's an identitatarian and a white nationalist  not a white supremacist . what's wrong with fascism ?
heidi cruz as vp for international bankers goldman sachs is a quintessential nwo globalist via
hey . i'm white  you should follow me back . keep it classy  keep it white .
hey guys anyway i can join up ? i follow orders really well . just ask anybody  no one does #uncletom like me !
how else are you going to make white people breed outside their race ? majority of whites do not
how is he racist ? illegal isnt a race .
how the south will rise again : dixie in forbes  demographer joel kotkin sees the sunbelt south becoming even mor ...
i hope white racial consciousness reaches a po
i met many africans in france  they say one thing : rule under europeans was much better  whites even ended slavery in africa ! it wasnt arabs
i support his being set free  but afterwards  he is to be excommunicated from any white
i was so busy paying 20 thousand a year in taxes for illegals  i couldnt afford to send my legal american children even to county college !
i wonder what the average iq is in puerto rico ? 60 ?
i'll discuss it with you - why are white men the only group in america not allowed to adv
i'll sleep better knowing majin boo is protecting the white race . he was the hardest boss on some snes
i'm not anti-white racist . i am anti-fascist and far-right : both islamic and your variety .
if anything is a black racist-guess its okay to keep denegrating your own race by using the sacred n word . hes a cautionary tale .
if you're white you are responsible for genocide .
indigenous people don't realize if they want to live a comfortable capitalist nuclear family life  they must also support nazism .
inner-city america is starting to look more and more like south africa every day.white women & kids aren't safe !
it is like calling people a witch . one day white people won't fall for it
it is see in germany they say seig heil and america its white power i stick with germans their more organize
it was a white country  the founding fathers made this a white country  and it will be so again !
it was the work of . white people are finally coming together to fight back against the monsters in our lands .
it's white ppl committing the crimes
jew  white and damned proud red  white and blue gun totin ' pick-up drivin ' south texas redneck here . but of euro ancestry
just polishing my horns and infiltrating shitlib forums because all the good alt-right o
left wing traitors are scared native europeans will demand their identity  culture  history and land back !
liberal white guilt will bring about the end of the white race  and not wanting that to happen makes you a racist .
listen up kkk . if u want up
liverpool jews very unhappy about upcoming white man march va
lots of white friends ? do you tell them all the time how they are white supremacists and should give you restitution ?
minneapoliss first somali policeman murders white woman : no media racist uproar via
misogyny + racism at its epoch . fyi  6 out of 10 sexual predators are white males . the heart of american terrorism = white nationalism .
more like this to come if white people don't stand up for ourselves . of offers sound hate free advice unlike left
multiple murders by fireblack people kill 85 year old white guy with fire in birmingham and more fire stories
muslims in india are the same . teach kids to hate and kill all infidels
my traps help save the white race
no  ha never i've always been great friends and dated outside my race  i just never felt that white women were great enough if anything i saw white women insignificant in comparison
no need 4 jews meddling in white affairs . you've done enough in #cville & the rest of th
no race can love itself as much as the white race can .
no regrets ! way to go guys . no more white shame . no more white guilt .
no repentance for f-ing j * * * tweet ! finally ended gops endless paeans to israel . coulter gets results ! ! !
no state has the right to redefine #marriage or allow labs to manufacture offspring of same-sex couple . tell congress to enact #nmra
nordic is only aryan types ; white and black is none of our business ; only aryans are invited
not knowing the context of your post  i'll assume it's in sync with unveiling the deceit targeted against the adolf hitler .
obviously you're projecting ... nobody asks for a pure white country  but a white state would be a great start ..
of course it leads only to the extinction of the white race .
one race one nation and you wont have racial bias
our overlords / elites have a plan to genocide european
people are getting more tribal and racially aware every day  mainly due to leftists going all-out anti-white  and pro-white-genocide . thus .
propaganda photo to make white people appear humiliated . sorry  not applicable here .
proving that as non white numbers grow they won't need their white leftist enablers and will turn on them
race war in south africa : white students attacked with rocks and bricks at western cape university by
rape  beatings  murders aren't just for black men and women by white men . they beat white women too . and  white women hate you
rn the average white person is taught we were always the oppressor.we have a right to learn about the extraordinary achievements of our race
roger milliken and the gop civil war via #paleocon #cuckservative #greed #gopsmartset
seriously ? see baltimore  dc  detroit  chicago  st . louis  nola  every black nation in africa after european or indian withdrawal .
so dear .. congrats .. youre now famous for your love for osama and for battling india to separate kashmir from india
so you're saying muslims are hornets ? ewwww boooo #racist #liberal #naziscum
so zhids ordered stupid employees poor jew and other white collar working classlemmings that cal themselves
southerners are considered ' bad whites ' msm only cared about hurricane katrina bc ... you know
splc uses itunes to help gather donations to finish destroying the white race via
stop all muslim immigration now !
suburbs are actually just well-constructed refugee camps for white people #altright
sweden was too white and it has taken on * worse * immigrants than america .
that faux-civility is an alt.right rhetorical ploy used to disarm white race-traitors like you and me .
the % in those tables is % of crime  not % of racial demographic . the jew is a non-factor re : violent crime ... financial crimes however ...
the conservatives have failed to conserve what really matters . it's time they made way for nationalism .
the enemy makes it clear what they hate and its us white folks and our heritage . war has been declared on us !
the exploitation of southern poor white trash to turn them against their own countrymen  why do you think they chose abe ?
the genocide of white america : 1980-2010 #swrm #whitegenocide #us #whiteprideworldwide via
the longer they take releasing his motives  the scarier it becomes for the white race
the past glories of america that you feed on were built by a 90 % white p
the scandinavians are clearly the same as the spanish because of white peoples
the white race are abolishing themselves by worship of false gods
there is now a national white privilege conference . why is there not a stop race baiting and stop blaming the white man national conference ?
they are riled all because she has a bunch of white kids and was encouraging other white women to have babies . that's what it boils down to .
this #corrupt #us government is very #racist - it hates #whitepeople with a passion . ( hint #zog )
to clarify they mean only white racial bigotry . the blm / antifa anti white stuff is perfectlty acceptable
twp / nsm parrott & heimbach are not pro-white - they are collaborators with the anti-white media & dress as they are told to to get on tv . that is their job .
uk universities to ban feminists and conservatives to avoid offending muslims
ur black kill him
video : happy birthday adolf hitler - 125 years young ! via
want to learn what sharia is ? it's those pro christian laws that trump keeps passing
we are losing our country and you idiots don't care too scared to stand up and fight against obama n politician illegals
we know where christie's campaign $ $ is coming from ... muslims . like those in the white house
we shouldn't be intimidated for loving our white race .
weev dared to tweet about the survival of god forbid white children . he immediately gets called a white supremacist .
what are you doing for the preservation of your white race ? . - join us ! !
what's #romney going to do for white americans ? not for blacks  jews  israel  queers  latinos  asians  but  for white americans !
when we reach critical mass white people won't care what label media throws at a white revolution + we will -
when you hear ' racist ! '  you know an #antiwhite has spoken . its confirmation ofa hate that is murderous & all about #whitegenocide #altright
white genocide accelerates in france : at least 1 in 3 newborns are non-white #stoptheinvasion via
white genocide accelerates in france : at least 1 in 3 newborns are non-white | more : via
white heritage and history go beyond the founding of america . usa was founded on the westernized european framework . identity isn't a
white pride
white south africans trapped like frogs in boiling water as anti-white racial violence escalates via
white women are being raped and europe is being
why do liberals ignore the black elephant in the room ? the ability of black people to own firearms and gun violence in inner cities #nra
why don't feminists talk about the abuse of white women ? via #withjewswelose
y vote they all screw us white folks anyway ...
yes the white race is a very narrow group .. lol .. he tried to free whites from jew control .. he failed .. you're a slave
you can help on your own . help us disseminate pro-white posters in your community . we need all hands active against white genocide
you hate us so much  why don't you promote racial separation . clearly racial integration doesn't work
you hate white people & find the idea of us putting our own interests first morally irrehensible  but have no issue when other races do it .
you must hate white kids if you don't want them to have a home that reflects their roots and identity .
you neanderthals can't even agree on nationalism or white supremacy lol
you should go to a kkk gathering  i heard they have fried chicken
you're clearly an anti-white bigot .
you're clearly anti white as you express nothing but contempt for the white race . people who think race mixing is a good idea  and who does not have any ethnic pride at all  is exactly the kind of whites that are superfluous .
you're what i call a mental slave . in fact you're a racist . the irony here is that you despise racism  yet you're super racist . you despise white supremacy  yet advocate black supremacy . you call me a ws  cause i say freedom and liberty for all . name 1 ws that says that . just 1
your organization is a joke and is not racist or a white supremacist . all lives matter so stop your lies !
zuckerberg's dream : the anti-white racist social network | more : via
  " : #whatilove is the amazing  creative  white race . #whiteppl #whitepeople #whitepride " " lol "
  " : : hitler parents ' tombstone removed by the zog of austria " " ; "
  " : adolf " " smiley face " " t-shirt from the white resister : " " ; "
  " gentrification " " means white people move in " " diversity " " means white people chased out #whitegenocide "
  " i was going to save the white race  but then i saw a swastika . " " "
 #zimmerman will be convicted . another sacrificial lamb to  " what will black people think " " "
 a racist org like is breath of fresh air . in a time when most are afraid to use the word  " racist " "  she did . "
 he will continue to be  " the face of the alt-right " " in people's minds . "
 i heard milo is jew  " ish " " . if so  why is he in the altright ? "
 missed opportunity ;  " you're only saying that because i am white . anti-racist is a code word for anti-white " " "
 rt 16 year old german boy raped by 36 year old  " refugee " " #whitegenocide #waronwhites #refugeeswelcome #rapefugees "
 rt i'm probably banned from entering the uk for  " islamophobia . " " meanwhile  these people are let into the country "
 rt replace  " white people " " with any other race & you'd be suspended.this is mainstream culture now  when will you wake up and help your own ? "
 rt sez the  " cop hater in chief " " the terrorist said i want to kill white people - but obama has a soros narrative to push "
 sez  " we don't have a jew problem or black problem . we have white problem " " no . " " we " " don "
 so this  " white genocide " " thing you are talking about is obviously because you don't find white women attractive enough to mate . xd "
 the precedent being  " european nations are allowed to exist . " " "
 to be fair ( i support  " european " " ethnic survival )  there is the same thing among some " " whites " " to blacks . "
! ! ! rt and the color of facist fiction is white
#americanfreedomparty #cuckservative
#border patrol ordered to release illegals still soaking wet from rio grande via #immigration
#flint #bonestown will show white perspective on current / leftist agendas
#narendramodi is making india proud . he loves his country & fights for it . #rajdeepsardesai is ashamed to be indian ( & hindu ) & belittles it
. i say good for them  they want black roommates  we want white roommates  hail nationalism .
. many gaslighted white men had asian girlfriends before they woke up from the brainwashing .
. will black people abdicate power and invite white people to repopulate #detroit ? #tcot #helpuswhitepeople #facingrace
60 - yr old arab sheik buys 3 indian sisters aged 1719 & 20 for $ 100 / - each #myjihad muslims
9 year old white boy commits suicide after being tormented for months by racist arabs via
: : these savages are attacking thomas jefferson's statue now : stupid people with idiot ideas or no ideas ht
: another white man shot by blacks over confederate flag on his car
: coming 2 america -> every 4.8 seconds a white woman or girl is raped by muslims in europe
: finns protest against increasing number of non-white invaders )
: has been proven right yet again ! for many years #davidduke has been warning people about #hollyweird etc .
: i wonder is any antifa will be charged with aggravated assault for their offensive use of pepper spray ?
: mark zuckerburg gives $ 5m to an illegal immigrant college fund  but none to american students ?
: nigeria : jihad / martydom bomber murders six at newspaper office : in america  the newspapers are the jihad's best ... ht ...
: nobody will take white identity seriously if you yell muh jew for every issue . we need to talk about how gr
: rt : jihad attack in jerusalem : as the savage jihad against israel heats up again . initial report ( cont ) h ...
> the only thing that suggests a white shooter is the sophistication . exactly  you'll know it's white
a nationalist only cares about the interests of his own people  not some abstract daydream of idiot savants
a tale of the jews and the white genocide ( video ) via
advocating in favor of white people is verboten goyim .
amren is not pro white i think . when i offered to speak i was answered by a jew & then no one got back to me
and because of this  white americans are losing their home and country .
and you expect to garner sympathetic coverage from the jewish media if you bend over and ask
another study finds races naturally separate #swrm we hate other races in our white countries ! via
anti-racist usually means anti-white . whites are only 8 % of world's population  and when you take out the liberals we are a real minority .
apparently black people don't think white people have civil rights .
as the population of non whites and muslims grows  americana will become meaningless !
baxter the backstabber sounds like a low iq alcoholic thug  that is too stupid to realize that he's no
belarusians were stripped of all assets by moscow jew #bolsheviks so vengeance was rife .
black crime : theres a reason we mostly hear about white microaggressions via
black lies matter is just occupy wall street with a little bit more melanin . they are a complete racist joke !
blacks behave well in black countries because they have laws made to control black people . ie  stronger laws !
blm $ 1million dollars would go along way to help in your causes ! i guess illegals are more important ! crickets
blue lives do matterwhen the cop is white
brown antifa has turned on white antifa
but it's because jooos . if it was any other ethnicity  you'd be a little less ticked . tell me i'm wrong .
can't wait to take the tunnel in and out of mexico !
cernovich claims he's a jew---it sure shows . #lol .
conservatism lies and lies some more to suppress european heritage .
cops kill more whites than blacks .
couldn't agree more ! that is why he is white trash  for speaking like that !
diversity is only imposed on white nations . diversity : slowly & legally eliminating white people
don't forget obama is half white .
dr . david duke : the racial murder and rape of white women in america | read more : via
elin krantz : just another dead white liberal female raped to death by non-white via
ending daca is a step in the right direction . we are the rightful heirs to what our ancestors built .
ethnic norwegians disappearing as non-white colonization intensifies #swrm via
ethnic norwegians disappearing as non-white colonization intensifies | read more : via
everyone is encouraged to be proud of their race and culture except white people  you're a good example of this behavior . toxic mindset
extinction of america's white population speeds up #swrm #extinction #whitepopulation #whitegenocide
gay-milo is embraced by one pro-semite editor at tac mag ~ the old dude muted me b / c he perceived my comments 1488 / anti-semitic
germany spent 20 billion on invasion in 2016 #swrm #germany #immigrants via
go ask a jew his opinion . it has no bearing on christians . doesnt your satanic lord tell u to kill unbelievers ? he says it a lot  no ?
great news . deport all illegals . send usbp to cities to assist ice . all the prs coming after maria can take their jobs . very positive .
happy 126th birthday adolf ! | white racial identity
happy mother's day to all the wonderful #aryan moms out there . thank you !
he is not white he is a jew
he may have gotten off to a rough 200 - year start in haiti  but look at zimbabwe and anc's south africa .
hitler didn't think like you . jews were white  and they were killed ? ! main purpose is saving the people who is useful to the world + +
i already told u  overpopulation threatens beautiful & intelligent white race they must be preserved
i can help you against islamic virus .
i don't hate anyone  the doesn't hate anyone ... #nationalsocialism is about love  not hate ! #wpww
i guess the aclu doesn't support white people . maybe they should call themselves the naacpaclu .
i guess you white supremacists are just too smart for a regular old white
i had some boomer cuck tell me ' take that pic down patton would have gone into syria '
i have lived this a know what is in-store for all whites . i've seen our woman raped and brothers beat with 2x4s . blacks and browns hate us .
i pray for the christians in the middle east . ethnic cleansing which obama will do nothing about .
i read stories of states which drove off whites  their economies failed . poor africans cried and begged for whites to return .
i would just like to know a real world example of where racial equality has been demonstrated
i'll bet victim is white .
i'm a red white and blue nationalisteat your heart out you old scumbag . #hillarysucks
i'm pro-white and want whites to engage in identity politics and assert their own political ambitions  like every other race does .
i've heard birmingham is as big of a dump as atlanta . he'd definitely get mugged in the atl
if you acknowledge that whites are being targeted and you don't want to just roll over and die  you will be called a white supremacist .
if you virtue signal enough the non white hordes will kill you last  maybe .
illegal alien may be allowed to pass the florida bar to practice law in america . ( but he's f'ing illegal ! )
in chicago  there are billboards and benches in spanish  letting illegals know they have a right to not talk to immigration
indiana in washington dc to demand an end to the replacement of european americans !
infiltrator black politician wants anti-white ethnic cleansing in estonia | read more :
is breitbart now more radically pro-white than the occidental observer ? via
islam hates jew's + infidels
islamist wanting to kill jews  who would have thought ? #islam
islamists embedded in white house ? #rt #stopislam #crusades #makedclisten #wakeupamerica
it's funny how jews are white except when a chance to exploit muh 6 gorillion arises and then they become a separate group .
it's okay in our country to have pride in your race as long as as it's not white pride
jew killed by a non jew in isreal there is outrage . white children killed by non whites in a white country ; silence .
jewish harvard professor noel ignatiev wants to abolish the white race via via
jews are the cause of white genocide they have taken a side to extinguish ...
jews as a whole r enemies of christ  his followers  & white western civilization n general
john friend's blog : the realist report - john kaminski & john de nugent : resisting the jew world order :
let white people rule
liberal scientists developing methods to make white people less resistant to non-white invasion #swrm
lol . the white race will soon be extinct like in the beginning of humanity when the human race was black
makes me think of the ccr song ; bad moon rising . americans are being poorly lead ! wake up white america !
meanwhile there is a legimate case for invading and utterly wiping off the genetic map every non white on earth  but yeah russia
media blanch when mentions rising crime  but are all too happy to report #blacklivesmatter myths .
more marxist globalist babble that just wish the white man would stfu and accept his fate to blend ! #altright
more white supremacy as whole since jews who have power are white european jews
murdered white south african farmer couple tortured for hours by racist blacks  court hears via
nature knows no equality . some people are more athletic than others . some people have higher iq than ot
new black panther leader says he's gonna hunt down and kill white people | full story :
new mexico used to give them id's and that allowed them to do whatever they wanted . very bad idea
newly established white student unions see an upsurge in support as more white students find a legitimate voice to express their frustration
no amount of foreign aid can substitute for an inherent racial lack of capacity for freedom .
no new deal rt : communism in america ! thanks to obama's personal wish list.the end to white america
non-white invasion of italy : african migrants have seized 100 buildings in rome via
not all terrorists are muslims ( some are jews )  but all serial killers are jews pretending to be white . is pushing her lies
now that official position of dem party is : white lives do not matter  couldn't the gop reach out to white voters ?
oh  that's right : black summer 2014 is about to kick off with memorial day . yoof violence will be broadcast on worldstarhiphop
ok let the record show you won't say you love white people and white lives matter .
pakistani gangs rape of white girls was not racist  says sentencing judge via
preparing for race war : the south african bootcamps which are training thousands of white youths via
pro-white : the right of whites to a sense of racial consciousness  identity  pride  unity  organization & destiny . no hate #thursdaythoughts
race relations in us is managed by a thin veneer of civility and doesn't take much to expose truth . blacks hate your white guts
racist black goes on anti-white shooting spree  says his teachers taught him to hate whites via
run your own nations .. your invasion only hurts the ethnic makeup of those distinct european countries .
russia is the only white nation in the world . white people the world over should embrace putin . he knows how to pull this .
sa white genocide escalates  international jew-controlled media remains in silence | more :
shooter in charleston sc is a crazy black man not a white supremacist . i know you democrat race baiters are so disappointed !
slavery in america was nothing more than farming . that's why black birthrate was like white birthrate
so  open borders ? do you leave your doors unlocked at night ? if so you're a racist . #liberallogic
so you like black guys and your white
so you'd like to have your own land of white christians  is that the end-game goal ?
some in the black lives matter movement have shown extreme hatred for whites and have pitched for separate states for blacks .
sorry but jews aren't white
study : increased ethnic diversity making whites miserable via you ain't in ! #whitegenocide
supremacists of any tilt are stupid  black  white or whatever . and yes black supremacists exist  i just have to watch hidden colours to see .
sweden  once a proud scandinavian country  has fallen to disgrace . americans  hold on to your heritage ! there is hope !
sweden : nordic resistance movement holds major rally | read more : via last thank god ( not allah ) .
switzerland : africans kill elderly white man then start screaming about racism #swrm via
targeted race hate rape by muslims against white english girls . #england #rotherham
that's because whites aren't going to burn down the town when they don't get their way .
that's how you know it's the power elite who send these leaders to us  they are never white  married to white  non-jewish  men .
the adl and the splc are both hate groups . they hate white european people .
the genocide of white america : 1980-2010 via
the laws which exist today discriminate in favor of blacks and against whites .
the more white people who become fed up with leftist anti-white rhetoric the better . it's time for white ppl to love who they are again .
the muslim was racist .
the only immigration we should be having is white people .
the racist idiots at black lives matter have come up with a grand scheme to demonize white people  and their favorite target is potus trump . i stand by our president and against these far left racist hateful demon losers . hey come at me !
the system is anti-white and anti-southern . i am pro-white and pro-southern . which side are you on ?
the ten commandments have lost their validity . conscience is a jewish invention  it is a blemish like circumcision . - adolf hitler
the white genocide continues : white race now a minority in three more uk towns and cities via #14w
the worlds biggest racists are actually brown people while white people are the least racist #
them & kill them muslim leader call for 10000 volunteers 2 kill white people
there is no future without past . their goal to to extriminate white race so the remaning
there is nothing more precious than a white baby .
there it is kids ... death of the white race ...
they kill each other  they kill christians  they just kill kill kill
they were good allies of hitler and still revere him today so that's a good thing :)
thinks immigs r in cnflct w white america  wants violent extra-political activities #immigration
this country needs more white immigrants .
this guy is jewish  monsieur . ( ( ( they ) ) ) are notoriously anti-white .
this is & she is jew . perfect articulation . bold
this is such a poor graphic . where are asians ? and how about we separate legal hispanic
this is what daca protects . #nodaca #buildthewall #deportillegals
this is why we must make europe and america white again ! via
this pope surrenders christianity to islam . jesus said love is the most important . i don't think annih
those are so not the white tears anyone asked for .
trump is the only one willing to stop white genocide by stopping non-white immigration .
tv ads link #immigration to earth day air in san diego #earthday2014 #sandiego #toomanypeople
uk : 9 year old white boy commits suicide after being tormented for months by racist arabs via
uk : racist black man punches pregnant white girl in stomach as onlookers watch in horror via
uk : racist black man punches pregnant white girl in stomach as onlookers watch via
universities teaching white-developed academics  on the backs of historic white intellectuals .
us not interested in stopping jihad against the world ... this is my conclusion . close the borders & deport all enemies within
video : black teens beat white motorist to death with hammer screaming kill the white people via
we will fight for a future for white people . #wefightback
we will make america white again ...
we've done our homework  those of us opposed to the extinction of the white race  that is . #tcot #ccot #wr
what can you do for the cause ? here's your answer : #whitegenocide #14words #wakeup
what happens when the whites get a belly full of diversity and leave .
what will take for a black person who kills a white person to actually be charged with a hate crime ?
what's white culture ? incest  shooting up schools ? serial killing ? being the majority of any race on government aid ? ?
where the white women at ? via
while the non-white man is free to express his own national and racial identity .
white #genocide - #whitepeople #whitepride #racism
white aryan resistens
white countries for white nations .
white genocide
white genocide accelerates in france : at least 1 in 3 newborns are non-white | read more :
white people are the mainstream . accept it . it's a good thing .
white people don't belong in civil
white power accessories
white race is rich  so all want free lunches
why does islam have to be forced on people ? kill people who renounce it ? kill those of other faiths ?
yep  undeniably antifa recruitment material !
you are anti white
you can have white children and still burn the coal .
you can take away our monuments but you can't erase history #heartbreaking
you don't live here . stay put in atlanta with the rest of the freakshow gathered there
you know why . jews run the media and promote ' white guilt ' to paralyze white power . idea of bad black guy undermines the narrative .
you mean white liberal who hated trump and wanted to kill trump supporters
you set the rules of engagement  i met them . yes i believe my charity is better because it helps human beings without prejudice . i . e . is a white supremacy organization . not a white equality organization .
youre an idiot  plain and simple . white people are a global minority and if demographic change trends continue  we will become extreme minorities or disappear completely .
  " ... protectors of white race ... " " florida skinheads arrested 4 preparing 4 race war | read more : via "
  " the ( ( ( left ) ) ) wants you to know that trump is the last stand of white america . " " via "
  " your hate " " like the disproportionate hate crimes / murders committed against whites by nonwhites annually in the us ? " " we must " " you can't ! ! "
 i've have been repeatingly tell people that  " illegal-immigration " " is the main cause of america's great demographic shift "
 jewish rabbi lies about henry ford - father coughlin exposes liars   " war mongers  international bankers  " " "
 replace  " jew " " with " " cis white male " " and you sound no different from an sjw . "
 rt  " : super cool german officer puts " " neo-nazi " " stickers in police van | more : " " ; "
 rt  " i only care about freedom " " " name one white area that kept western freedom after whites lost control . " " " blocked  you racist . " " #cuckservative "
 rt #egypt democracy lovers shouted  " jew ! jew ! " " during their sexual assault #islam #islamophobia "
 rt :  " breadth of the benefits the family was receiving was stunning " " : boston jihadis ' family raked in $ 100000 in welfare "
 rt :  " hate " " is codeword for " " white ethnic interest " " " diversity " " is codeword for " " less white ppl " " "
 rt : libtards hate this one :  " what happens to white women who date black men " " "
 rt jacob frey and the mainstream media can slander us as a  " hate group " " all they want  but the general public is now realizing that we aren't the hateful boogeymen we're made out to be . in fact  the public response to our justine damond memorial has been overwhelmingly positive ! "
 rt nyt portrays hungary as third reich by invoking camps ;  " wholly ignores influx of jihadists it is seeking to deter "
 rt the #kosher food #scam getting into prisons .  " demands for kosher food hiking prison costs " " #judaism #greed "
 rt tommy robinson speaks about the jihad against europeans which is largely ignored by  " moderate " " muslims . #normandy "
 their prime market is jews - lol you think  " anti-semites " " are generating them revenue ? clicks maybe  but not revenue ( donations  etc . ) "
 third worlders are labeled  " white " " to conceal #whitegenocide "
 those who clucked the loudest about  " white supremacy " " surrendered on gay marriage . their weakness has invited further aggression "
 uk : muslim parents planned  " trojan horse " " strategy to oust non-muslim headteachers and turn schools into muslim "
 you are ok with amalgamation of african people into  " black " "  all we're doing is the same thing to become " " white " " "
#antifa is #isis #isis is #cnn #cnn is #ciasmash !
#blacklivesmatter #whitelivesmatter #chimpout #whitegenocide
#islamophobia khomeini sexually assaulting crying and screaming 4 year old girl  with parental
( 2 whites just woke up ) : 20 gypsies attack white couple n czech republic hate crime mob attack ( video )
: detroit : the death of white civilisation
: dr . david duke : the racial murder and rape of white women in america
: latest news from the american #nazi party . #freedom #resistance #survival #truth
: via : muslim bombs arizona social security office with ied  media blackout ensues #tcot
a giant menorah can be placed on the white house lawn  but there's no room for a nativity scene there ? such a sad reality .
a white supremacist is just a white person resisting the attempt to make him second class citizen in his country .
absolutely not . sessions is a rotten racist and crazy kkk . u don't need a racist to stop illegals .
adolf hitler : jews can never rule the world unless they bastardize the white european races
america in 2050 and beyond will look more like brazil ( due to 100 million black people )
america was founded and built by white people - simple fact my friend . you may not like it but it's true
another native swedes get mob attacked by non-white immigrants in stockholm ( video ) via
another pervert liberal ... fancy that !
bcuz white ppl exist which makes black kids murder each other over sneakers and street cred ... curse u white supremacy .
being pro-white is being racist by the definition used by the left
beware of muslim conclave in delhi . they are going to prepare for jihad pl . arrest these jehad plotting agents
blacks in us literally take more then they give back  your people are taking white tax dollars & complaining that it's still not enough
bruh go eat your leaves & unseasoned chicken . smh you really tryna come for us . foh #kkk
but mormons are so white and reproduce like jackrabbits .
but that can't be used by sjws to beat southern whites over the head . that's why it do
c robert discuss phil jihad and muslim rape gangs . great job on uma
compare what happened to jew_goldstein to the violence we routinely see from black lives matter and antifa
comprehensive #amnesty threat . rewarding #criminal behavior ... #immigration #mexico
darren wilson did his job and is now unemployable ; michael brown tried to kill him and is a martyr to blacks and white liberals #america2015
der spiegel : the mystery of the forest swastikas | full story :
detroit : the death of white civilisation via #race #demographics #nationalism #ethnicity #europe
detroit : the death of white civilisation | read more : via
do these people know it's not a communist government that is perpetuating white genocide
don't be silly . if i wanted black people to die  i wouldn't support disarming them . stop the violence #nra
enough  illegal means illegal ! after the rape of the 14 yr . old  i want these ppl out
even the white nationalist movement is ran by jews .
fuhrer will guide us to victory .
happy white genocide
has #jewish #communism been successful in #america ? leave a comment and tell us what you think . #marxism #israel
he is ' moderate ' in only wanting to kill the infidel  nor torture and then kill them . very humane !
he told the world : the immortal words of adolf hitler ( video ) via
he wasn't black  he was ( ( ( a fellow white person ) ) )
hindus worship fire and bacause a teacher was burnt alive in #peshawarattack  hindus must've done it : pak analyst
hitler liked huge tanks . however  i could not think of a balance between pavement and weight .
how about just a 90 % white america like we had until 1965 ?
i am an ardent supporter of nazism  i belong to the ancient aryan race  i live in india  i would do anything for white supremacy
i don't respect sexualities . sexualities aren't people . and they call themselves queers .
i happen to prefer the white race not partially covered in non-white ink ..
i loved how the clueless police never can find a motive of a muslim killing a kafir ! how about opening a koran to read it ?
i remember a video or audio file in which he said something like the white race needs to be blended out of existence
i wish there were some decent jews who stood up & vehemently defended white gentiles right to existthe
i would put forward that he is more of a white black . like white hispanic . cuz ... messaging . ;)
if you do t care about the safety of legal us citizens  you should leave our country .
if you have sufficient information on their family heritage  one could make predictions about individuals  since all traits are heritable .
is it true that they are going to shoot white people nov 4th ?
islam has special privileges in the uk : muslims have been bullying britain and the leftists are their helpers
islamic terror will unite nationalists . but in germany ban on national socialism must go .
it is very sad either way-but the race baiters have successfully convinced both black and white people that repubs are bad guys for too long
it worked on south africa . i pray alabamans are made of sterner stuff .
it's just that the white man is indoctrinated to deny his own national and racial identity .
its okay to be white .
jewish holocaust survivor who claimed to have escaped auschwitz admits he lied for years va
jews are jews  most certainly not white - they're contrary to whites
join the fight for the #white #workingclass
keep calling whites nazis  you may end up actually creating nazis . maybe that's your goal . you have indeed mastered weaponized victimhood .
last whites of the east end : london cockneys being exterminated #swrm via
let all illegals move to cali and let the state fund them not the fed govt horrorwood libs will find them climbing the walls arnd mansions
lol  something with such a non offensive message is still considered racist  white supremacist and extremist .
long term  you in for secession or white deep state leading to ethnostate ?
look they call it racism is you are white  but pride if you are black or a jew .
more white silence and white guilt nonsense . you'd be better off fighting racism from obama  sharpton  and holder .
my city is gone . the suburbs have started to go . we moved to the next county . obama forced . diversifying our schools . people didn't listen
my post on why gay people need to concede marriage = = >
nationwide trend of black on white mob attacks
no . we have no right to destroy their countries and the altright would like to stop that ... but they also have no right to come into ours and radically change the demographics & culture . hence  become the third world .
no doubt and all humanity must respect the most beautiful creation : white race ; even white tigers are rare breed
no more white submissivism to jewish globalism
nsa leaker : being white is terrorism via
oh right & that celebration of whites dying out while feeding off of their tax dollars according to you
pakistani sex-gang attacks covered up for fear of racism #swrm via
people like him and posobiec pretty much go whichever way the wind blows . little integrity or commitment  other than to shekels
poor snowflake white man . :(
resisting decay & annihilation of white race
send the illegals back.the parents should have entered legally.mexico will take them back .
she didnt ... feel a sense of self-worth . she didn't deserve to die for that  but she fits the white anti-white profile .
since when were the welsh _not_ white ?
sounds like some sort of skinhead thing  which is the complete opposite of identity evropa's aesthetic .
stay white friend . stay white . hopefully your uncle ruckus will come for the holidays !
televizion is good for jew !
tell us will you be practicing sharia gender segregation ? illegal .
thats economic is out of jew hand  he built german culture not jew  he knew jew control stalin  rosvelt
the genocide of white america : 1980-2010
the heroic drama : dr . goebbels calls volkssturm for national defense ( video ) via
the lgenpresse has never had any problem demonizing white america and celebrating criminals and terrorists and trying to silence us
the peaceful muslim religion . when they say peaceful they mean rest in peace . look at this typical mu
the white man and woman marches on ! #resistance #14w
the white master race :
the white race is finished .
they fear the white . they know what we can do .
they hate white people alex ! and nobody hates them more than the people who look like the cast of seinfeld ! tell your viewers !
think for yourself for a change . i bet you think blm and antifa are peaceful .
this is the reason why america needs the ku klux klan
thoughtful piece but doesn't adequately explore policy implications  e . g . our immigration policies favoring the third world .
tn is the whitest state in the south ... thinking about moving there myself .
trump admin w'd fully support us whites in class action 4genocide ! ? ! ?
video proof that everyone feels safe in majority white crowds . meanwhile white londoners can't even walk their own streets . #duckfiversity
we are asking for prospective decree ; national limit on population ; balancing population is must 4 earth
weknowwhoisbehind plot 2genocide white race
what happened to the mulatto  quadroon  and octoroon ? ! libtard media cucks won't tell you about these 17 secret races
what say you ? ? on point about so much  but ... demographics ? white identity ? aj keeps on shilling for jews though .
when white is rightwho wins ? jew b du b du
white genocide accelerates in #germany : three large german cities to tip non-white #auspol via
white pride til i die
white privilege . what a fallacy in 2017 . white people largely don't get reduced rent  e
white supremacist all the way
white survival
whites of south africa prepare for evacuation as genocide looms via
why do hate crime laws only apply to white people ?
why is there a muslim in the white house ? ?
why would you deport white people out of a country they founded for themselves ?
working class white people voting in their self interests are vilified in the press as racist xenophobic bigots .
yeah cmon you libs stop race baiting nevermind those white folks
yes . those immigrants are getting paid to live here and most americans are struggling to live .
you are the one that mentally impaired . all you racist republicans deserve each other . go hrc 2016 '
you continue to ignore the end effect of a declining white pop while importing pops w / high birth rates . you support replacing white people .
you implied that whites are genocidal and i called you on your bluff . instead of acknowledging your anti-white rhetoric  you retreated to the tired trope of slavery.you may want to take a peek at your own homeland  they seem to be * currently * having issues of their own .
you kill in cold blood and attribute it to allah ! so repulsive ! did god ask to kill to kill babies ? shame !
you know they'll all try to claim the card because none of them are white .
you mean the constitution written by white people for white people ? those conservatives would deny that !
you might be right about that  idk . i still think the movement would benefit from more love for our blood and less hate for non-whites .
there is only one solution to world poverty, for poor countries to produce their own wealth,"" wayne grudem declared at
elephant in the room: immigration-driven population growth creates unparalleled demand for housing. #toomanypeople
now u have to pull out the dumb card, usually what happens when sub 100 iq pe
you must be the arithmetic man; you add trouble, subtract pleasure, divide attention, and multiply ignorance.
no they are illegals
: when a jackal's time of death arrives it races towards the city
tuskegee, al, which is home to their greatest businessmen, aviators and scientists, would be a food desert without federal assistance
it was found to be happening today in california too, stop the payments to sanctuary cities now
the sin nature of the unregenerate!
flood: feds predict another 127,000 illegals this year via #border #secureourborder #noamnesty
if you have family here that are illegals and criminals.. oh well
cnn will find and interview the one tranny in history that was inconvenienced
deportable illegals? what? every illegal alien parasite in the usa are deportable illegal aliens.
they are not dreamers, if they are illegal they aren't immigrant they are ""intruder invaders"".
women are intellectually deficient, islam says in sahih bukhari 1:6:301. disagree? you are islamophobe.
every time labron opens his mouth the whole world hears how dumb he is
new calif. educati on bill wont compensate for #overpopulation, over-#immigration #toomanypeople #blog
irony here is we are stealing away the very talent which could stabilize third world countries & thereby avoid influx of refuges & illegals.
when it comes to dirty laundry, the world is the maid of the middle east
we need to create safe zones in the countries creating refugees keep refugees in there home country usa does not need more 3rd world losers!
your a race hustler just like ya boy al sharpton. you are flat out ignorant
these are initiation murders they has nothing to do with breaking the slave codes aka laws they are selected hunted then murdered #truefacts
on #periscope: the israelites: unconcious negroes non-sense
they can exist but not on our stolen land and not on our kids dead bodies
needs to be thrown out of our country he is here illegal
lol. yes, africa isn't a developed land because of whites.
he wants illegals and refugees as long as he does not have to live among them! hello people this guy is scum!
question for all: what is the legal difference between a man wearing a dress, and a transwoman?
only 3 years subverting the immigration laws? how is he different than the coyotes bring in illegals from the south?
and you will be shocked when god comes and kills all the half ape black people.
satan is islam but of course a low iq inbred like you wouldn't understand that
i believe they are too lazy. isn't that why we went and brought back slaves in the first place?
grow your own. they're almost impossible to screw up, you imbicile
today's golden state, #poverty #crime,#
what line has to be crossed until it's socially acceptable to purge degenerate filth with fire? let us do what must be done!
very wrong you idiots explain your stupid banner to the families of innocent people who were brutality murdered by these filth
so, australia dumps its isis trash in usa in last minute binge by african prez to destabilize with jiahd trojans!
illegal aliens dare authorities to deport them #immigration #tcot #teaparty
swine from the gutter
wtf is wrong with this country? this useless piece of trash comes to this country illegally then ruins the lives of 130 people disgusting
obama paid for the illegals!
deadliest to non-muslims? pigs or islam? both however the major pig problem will be harder to solve with mass migration & islam adding to the already humongous load.
: ""mighty hard to make a great country out of 'legal' third world people:
i don't feel sorry for him. he's now a twisted, violent antifa. filth.
how #california is preparing illegal aliens for driving test #noamnesty
breaking: open-borders rino neocon marco rubio wants mass amnesty and to flood usa with third world: #teaparty #tcot
yeah, why not let a bunch of under developed savages turn up to dismantle everything that we've built. sure, why not.
not all ""inferior races"" are mexican or muslim you fool!
it has it's place, that place is the middleeast. not the civilised world.
where they should've stayed, burning dung in mud huts
democrat.the godless party of filth and hate.
this is the most ridiculous small sighted propagandha i have ever seen, go fuck yourselves
exactly elder! these libturd commie globalist puppet, sewer rats don't know how to handle a new york street fighter! what a bunch of woosies
they crap in holes in the ground, urinals too clean for them. maybe some foot print markings would help them use urinals. damn animals!
if you were intelligent, you'd know them and where to find them.
#muslimsturntojihad when you tolerate their backward 3rd world stone-age values.
the problem with the swamp, it is more interested in foreign nationals than american citizens
damn the illegals must of got lost trying to find mexico,wound up in canada instead.
by helping/feeding the 3rd worlders america has foolishly turned into one big halfway house for the people of the 3rd world
if they did not immigrate here legally, then they are illegal immigrants. calling a fish a bird doesn't make it a bird.
more preoccupied by a frog or lizard than safety of americans! #buildthewall
notice they all look like grown men, not helpless women an children
welcome back my old friends: tb, measles, ebola whooping cough, blah, blah, blah
the universe doesn't give half a shit about race issues, i hope some autistic solar system crashes into
they don't deserve to get shot, became im rational unlike them, but they still deserve to be on that map.
no,you are saying those who studied,worked hard to enter usa legally are not only dumb but stupid2.cheats will be rewarded with citizenship
turning into a cesspool over there because of their ""diversity"" ,they bring their 3rd world habits with them
to zoggies, facts are just playthings to be used in arguments that rely on assertion and inference rather than proof
no we need honest, hard working, clever intelligent, human beings from non muslim countries and we al
does the world realize that it is ok to lie under sharia?
either way, animals.
australia you had better get this vermin out of your country if you want to keep it free.
looks like neocon globalists got control, tragic
well it never used to be. much like it never used to be in white society. but jewry effects
stem cells have precious immortal souls! oh, god, cells are people! cells are peeeoooppplleee!
bring him to america. we know how to deal with animals like this.
neanderthals were way ahead of negroes. whites carry many neanderthal genes. blacks, none.
sorry, i'd rather be a human being.
i agree. only the best. other nations use the merit based system.we can afford illegals.we have kids who can and need jobs. americans first
handicapped is not a gender, bathroom sign people!!!
.. all to be pathetic as them. especially jews
its very kind of them to be working. otherwise these blood sucking pests survive on benefits of tax payer money.
brewer to obama: stop shipping illegals out of texas and dumping them in ariz. cities via #noamnesty
the yankees are so disenchanted with their women that they are ready to turn to waifus, sexbots and artificial wombs. i can't honestly blame them given what i have seen. we need to eradicate that degenerate culture before it spreads any further
all of their wokest fittest lads are gonna jump off that irrelevant bloated sinking ship
in an industry of smart, spergy whites & asians, it wld be remarkable if there weren't dissident rightists.
certainly not,more swamp to drain
saw such the other day. a kind of professionally made-over dopey, improved appearance still egregiously wrong on immigration.
manages to maintain it's culture. guess it's well out the way of the middle east & should survive
the 3rd world was once great civilizations, don't forget
so sick of this shit, wtf is 'native american', you know how many people lived here, place was friggin empty
he won't do it, mooslimes are scared of dogs!
way to control men. the ignorant mohammid, couldn't read or write so someone like his wife kadisha, wrote it to fill her pockets with gold.
no more illegals, only accept those that follow the law.
only a man & a woman can produce & sustain humanity under god's plan, that's why it's god's plan,to argue god's plan is insanity
thanks 4follow soon it will be man & goat b/c citizen of the loonie left
bovine fecal matter, dreamers deleimma is they finally got caught, nightmares are more like it, all these years and never got citisenship.
#blacklivesmatter you idiots. black people are equal to white people. go fuck yo sisters
i like alabama's illegal immigration policy. all 50 states should do the same before we become overrun with leaches.
where he is going to put that people those that he is going to legalize are going to bring 30,000 000 million more where??
why is it up to us to accept that assertion instead of muslims proving it??? what muslim controlled country is in good shape?
they are worse than slaves & black americans flocking to islam.
lolol i've always liked the boy, but he's reaching levels of stickman autism with me.
why are we even giving it a thought? why is this vermin even a consideration?
good for poland. they will continue to exist as polish and not be overtaken by 3rd world hordes
.the ships were sabotaged by your sorry ass government..foreign matter into the fuel, etc
as a group, whites produce much more wealth than they ""take from the system.
the idea that globalism is a positive sum game for everyone is irrational, some win, some lose
yeah. best education system, best armed forces, best equality and diversity systems what have you got? goats and wasteland i bet.
have to hire illegals in california to compete with the guy running a crew of all illegals ,its a race to the bottom in wages craftsmanship
we must heal from the effects of 8 years of nobama giving away the kitchen sink (but leaving us the swamp dwellers), so we can regain health
letters after name doing hideous procedures. people asleep. need to study truth (real) about these beasts!
his followers are a motley bunch of ""muh resistance"" and tree hugging nobodies
the biological differences between the races are obvious to anyone with a working set of eyes. crime stats, inventions, cultu
rt mohammeds own words - ""treat women well for they are like domestic animals and they possess nothing themselves"" tabari
now all of the sudden immigrants are not a good idea? not liking the 3rd world uneducated unskilled losers who have no desire to assimulate
they are animals,been this way 1400+ yrs. they dont want change. goal is to spread their misery,misery loves company
you're a smart guy, what color is your wife?
reading, writing, and sexmythatic?!? will gender fluidity also apply to the animal kingdom?
i guess there's no death penalty in uk.if anyone deserved it, this subhuman did. needs solitary confinement
missouri has a huge low iq, third world population, as pictured.
no, i have seen the genetic studies, and i know the history. blacks in plantations belts have lower admixture.
i believe it. that scum deserves to have aids!
moved out in 2015, so greatful i did when i see this crap. california the sewer state
this is what happens everywhere you move savages in your country. they expect everything earn nothing destr
hunger in us ? like third world ? not even beef and bread ? maga !!
yeah, because white people can't sweep floors, which is much harder than building space rockets.
we also need to oppose the law allowing for an adjustment of status, whereby illegals ""legalize"" themselves via anchor baby, marriage, etc.
allah is certainly not our christian god, it's the name for what early arabs called a lesser desert breeze.
no does round them up and drop there tb infected asses at obama's new home and homes of hollywood celebs
the hecklers are the liberal generation unable to understand discipline and personal learning, growth from errors & difficulty.
wow such diversity, so many colors and races, and all of them are doctors and engineers, amazing!
alejandro: you will not survive here. you are not a wolf, and this is a land of wolves now
.why do fools,like dogs travel in packs?so when their food runs short, they have someting 2 eat.example a: aclu
what kind of insane country wouldn't expel all invaders? like a human body failing to combat/expel all harmful intruders.
with blacks on the bottom of the social ladder you cannot put faith in those designed to maintain you there
the fact a guy with 8% of his genetics a bunch of aids-ridden cannibals living in mud huts thinks he can talk down to me is much more funny.
the and are nothing more than attention whores. both more worthless than cockroaches and should be exterminated.
its means putting political power into the hands of 3rd worlders who hate us
with fake diploma fake degree fake graduation degree, indian can easily cheat merit base immigration..
call me racist, idgaf these muslims deserve no respect, they want to breed with kids < 9yrs
illegals border crossing numbers are back up to obama era number's what say you mr golfer president where is all the winning you blather on about your actions make you another dc swamp dwellers can't hide the facts anymore!
if they are in daca they were brought here, if they were born here they're an anchor baby.
apple capital of the world in central wa state has thousands illegal aliens working in apple sheds. wenatchee, yakima etc please help
such a travesty that $$ we spend on illegals for their subsistence in the u.s., could be spent on our veterans!
is someone mad they now have some competition? is competition bad? are we scared we can't compete with third world people?
unreal! according to lynch, we now have over 30 million mexican illegals in the usa.
i wish this idiot would get a life ,obama ,a thing that resembles a brain ,is an empty scull
amnesty and free healthcare for 20 mil illegal aliens mean 20 mil votes next election for this peice of dried up dog drool
i thought whites were destroying the planet by using these evil resourcesmake up your mind
ridiculous to try to have a sane conversation with this islamic puppet. is beyond disgusting.
so, male msm thugs wanted to see women suffers a lot all time on earth disgusting stoneage uncivilized. animals r really great
sorry muslim not the highest
bcs in this hell hole state. illegals have more rights than citizens.
i can't. i'm trapped in black owned ohio!
3- why would you expect millions of illegals, w/less than 10th grade education & language barrier to prosper/contribute to usa?
it's everywhere. doc to introduce electronic-monitoring program to help #overpopulation problem: #toomanypeople
instead of the brain, his beard grew this is a norm for muslim"" thinkers
black people try to escape the black undertow by moving to our cities and neighborhoods.
it's already divided many times. short stubby sperm make girl babies, while long slender sperm make boys. got a pic?
get rid of that program and start sending them back.the ones that are grown could have applied for citizenship as well as their parents.
there are both white and black supremacists, but when it comes to being self-sufficient, whites are much more capable, and you hold us back.
obviously not. they are animals that treat women as garbage! #norefugees
have you ever written about islam being a crutch for a failed civilization? im new to your work, just wondering.
us whites are just a minority on this planet. the technology exists to colonise the moon and mars. whites only!
because of muh multiculturalism. and because white people have, apparently, been so evil (ie - weve managed to evolve beyond flicking our shit at each other) we need more brown people in our once-beautiful countries.
you laugh because you don't study- it's clear- as long as mendels law is in effect whites can never be the first humans.
what the fuhrer said about jew communists came to pass. they are the parasites of the earth.
money why else, they hate christianity because it makes them feel superior but they want to believe in something
someone mentioned it, i responded. then you, as thin-skinned as you are vicious, butted in. no one was talking to you, pest.
duhshows you that once infected with the islam virus how quickly this turns the brain to rat s**t.
they're like cockroaches. trying to sneak into your home & breed.
of course no remorse, it's considered normal in their culture
we are not feeding our own, ethnically diverse children. it's arrogant to pretend we can help others while kids go hungry.
build the wall to keep these animals in mexico!!
, like most viruses it came from humans living amongst livestock & it's filth
this is like a zoo with unfriendly & agitated animals!!! god help us!!! they need to go back where they came!!
as long as he remembers he's working for the us citizens not the illegal aliens!
let's all vote hillary, why should ca be the only state with leprosy?
i believe its the right of every nation 2 defend their land against migrating hords & attacks on their sovereigty
while brown men have already turn their countries in the shitholes we have been knowing for centuries
yeah, because the dems want to bring in degenerates that don't belong here.
nobody wants to admit that islam and really muslims as a whole aren't compatible w/ western society. th
rt i wish they'd just be honest and say ""white people, we want you to die out & replace you with low-iq slave workers
a bunch of obama rats that we do not want or need
actually, it's a result of the great great great grandchildren of those said slaves being a drain on society
what is to point out is the level of absolute barbarity of the vii century arabic tribes, their primitive ethics is the very base of islam
he went to niggerum u just so uz can undastand himsgot a doctorate in welfare & #obamaphones
a fuzzy headed screaming little chimp with a white breeder mother..what an abomination!
aside from your other defects, you need to learn to read, go back again, read it, think about it.
hitler would have never sacrificed one of his own people to a turkish dog.
illegals are worse illegal no respect!! bleeding our country dry !! stop all food stamp/ and the roaches will leave !
. we need to take care of overpopulation too. we need to avoid becoming like china.
#enddaca #endh1b doesn't matter you are still illegal. even if you somehow get to stay here, your life is poisoned from its illegal
one man many wives they have nothing better to do than breed.
everywhere y'all touch equal hell,disease & death..
? not destruction of ""civilization"" but merely a replacement of a sexually promiscuous culture with their prudent sexless culture!
1,000's of years 1,000's of gods, billions of fools. the defect of humanity, religion.
i won't even call it black power. it's black stink!
neanderthal dna master race
and you'll be competing with excessive immigration, keeping your wage down to 3rd world levels
find me a study any time anywhere where blacks outperform any other race on intelligence tests.
your an idiot no one deserves illegals .
refugees are vetted, all humans are not the same..
: #california taxpayers footing the bill for illegal alien driver's licenses #immigration #gapol ga2
when i was at the college & univ. i never received scholarships bcs all gone to mexicans & asians, i was not considered bcs i had money, not on merit basis, although i was teaching them for a decade. this is illegal system discouraging.
no more scum, no benefits, no welfare, no social security, no sanctuary cities, no stupidity go home and make your country a great place.
racial pride is admitting that you've done nothing better with your life than the accident of birth. really, the opposite of pride: pathetic
gov. perry's state has sucked in hundreds of thousands of illegals from other states, bama included
gingers are fitwomen that is..ginger men are aids
over 80% of the filthy mud invaders do not have any qualifications which destroys zog's myth of the 'professional/highly skilled migrant'!
ur right it's simple! islam is not part of our civilization via bill warner, phd:
there has to be a limit!immigration so numerous that out numbers born citizens will change usa to another differentcountry
their horrific 3rd world standards have damaged our culture and made our youth socially retarded
does importing mo'nurses create high paying jobs 4 usa citizens/youth~ schumer, cornyn push ""high skill"" #immigration bill
they're going to need quite a baby boom to even catch up to the black population.
- there is no accountability system, thats why its a swamp
c'mon guys. push the numbers! by some estimates, at least 20 mill illegals, possibly twice that #. drowning us - - -
. too few of whom have jobs already. and we import peasants with diseased minds and bodies that have only disdain for us.
this was . you are not allowed to take credit for this . you are a parasite, riding on our coat-tails.
that's another reason we need to block this ruthless, scavengers animals,sorry for my language,there isn't words
could an army of said sexbots b dispatched to intercept gangs of refugees? but customized w/ vagina de
im going to demand welfare for allamerican citizens in the 3rd world and de
barbarians under a barbaric religion, when were they not going to be a threat to the civilised world?
1/what is it with these vile, savage animals and excrement? too bad there's no world mar
charlotte is better than that concrete african jungle called atlanta
heard about this when it happened. just now hearing this monster is muslim. and look
the indians were the first immigration movement even they had laws and consequences if you broke them?
we as americans best wake the frack up! this is against our constitution and our morality. these people are animals and should be treated as
race-mixing new york mayor grants benefits card to 500,000 illegal non-white invaders via
and the non dumb know that race breeds culture. or is there another reason the british couldn't get indians to stop shitting in the street?
moats, alligators and the politics of border security #afire
no, ivory coast was thriving under france. it collapsed without whites.
yeah but the exwives of the old na boneheads are keeping the lulz alive
the one on the left is european nostalgia, the one on the right is the latest in african technology.
all those blax call themselves king[kong] or prince[of evil] when they get to a whitey country
very true, inbreeding is what mooz-slimes are doing, part of their invasion plan is to turn more women into breeders
no sanc for islamists or illegals or ms13 thugs. time for us to just say no to these rats who infest our body politic and do us no good.
of course, americans exist merely to serve immigrants and support the excessive procreation of indigents
read the book ""cain river"" you'll be shocked to learn light skinned negros owned more 'house servants' than their white neighbors.
go on hide behind your bloody hoods but remember its 2015 you shoulda stayed with your fellow apes
: euro tunnel could get closed thanks to african invaders )
a great candidate for the pine box deportation method, guaranteed to prevent recidivism.
i strongly recommend that muslims go back to the simple life of the 7th century. they can't handle today's complex world. #byebye
financial cost biggest threat with immigration adding to loss green space overpopulationlower quality of life
idiots like this are worse than the orthodox muslims.
lose the attitude ignorant one. you are just a useful idiot to islam.
even if i tell him he won't listen because he's quite bright, actually.
i say them animals.don't need them here, unless?
for the good of the american people, defund santuary cities, the are a lawless haven for criminal illegals.
we must rid america of this barbaric oppressive evil ideology.we are dealing w/savages who follow evil ideology.
give her a break. in islam she is considered half human and mentally deficient. just living up to it
you are a turd with eyes.
uneducated ignorant human filth. i hope this happens to u for real. #kukluxklan
if it's religion,politics,peacetime or warfare. women have shown at times to be far smarter and efficient than we men are. (pt2)
got that right why do we let these vipers into america?
typical! same with buddha! he thinks he's so high and mighty, ommmmm-bullshit buddha!
slaves and camel-jockeys !
no, nothing about hating degeneracy is unhealthy.
very very sad times the folks might as well be on an island isolated with the hoards at the gates. even lee may have went around chicago
so you can keep fleecing your flock.
what else should american's know about them?who trained,funded and equipped these animals?ameri
n destroyed by greedy barbarians from ur culture. while ur society dies b/c of its debauchery our society was attacked by virus. no be gone.
no, you are vermin and will be exterminated #bacon
ok keep believing that. funny how most poc that have made something of their lives normal ones don't play that garbage. don't be a criminal and work hard and you can have a good life. a life like any other race. but blacks have been taught to blame others for their failures.
we have plenty of poor and downtrodden of our own, bring me someone with marketable skills
yes! heaven has walls a gate & firm immigration laws. you don't get in unless your background allows! u.s.a ='s earth as it is in heaven
bloody mohammedan savages. who is responsible for letting these beasts in to our countries?
surely u understand that mx don't want the trash the us didn't either. get off welfare!
generally the white people who do race mix are pretty undesirable anyway. mudsharks are obese/dumb 9/10 times.
it's simple folks islam is evil. it has nothing to offer our civilization. my space will remain a 100% islam free zone as long as i live
the black dude looks cool, nonchalant and shit; overweight white dad dude not so much
she shouldn't be surprised. leftists and homosexuals are severely mentally ill.
i kinda like your idea, limiting population growth to save the environment, we need to sterilize democrats!
what does that even mean? it's the oldest black republic in the world? blacks created modern haiti
it would be great - just too bad our new ""sheriff"" torn down tent city - that would have been a great place for them to take up their new residency.
zog and its agents have, through their jungles of destructive regulations & inefficiencies, cheated us all of our nation's wealth & resource
we pakistani used to be great hindu nation,the moment we submitted to islam, we lost our pride,dignity, heritage, culture and became zombie.
it sucks to put the burden on them.thy are outnumbered by the leeches. ne
all the more reasons to keep these lazy, psychotic criminals out, parasites of the world destroying it!
only top quality aryan squat-butt around these parts
the advanced monkeys will vote for anything that kills, rapes and steals
sub-saharan africans, the majority of american black lineage, are subhuman. the genetic data is clear. no matter what the cucks wish.
moron, palestinians have inhabited palestine since time immemorial unlike z invading ashkinazi scum.
the kids need deported with the parents illegals are illegals regardless of age
which centuries? the ones where britain was conquered by previous muslim hordes?
i wish they'd just be honest and say ""white people, we want you to die out & replace you with low-iq slave workers
recycled criminal illegal alien.
yes. exceptions. but notice they all moved to the west. still black africa remains backward compared to the west with or without them.
how about rearranging that. islam a religion invented and interpreted by a pervert.
lol !!! crooked rats !
the best medicine for perverts is to ship to isil..they will take good care of u..
muslims have been a problem since the 13th century! i'm sick of them in the 21st century! why can't they evolve?
white power black parasite. blacks have contributed nothing to humanity.
we dont want. illegals to be sick and spread diseases!
the latest wombat world ! thanks to #muslim #islam
haha crazy! its like saying blacks cant be intelligent,educated and well informed
not judgingdiscerning. fetid, perverse lifestyles that lead to a skinny aids deaths are bad for #culture
ebola virus, & what it does to it's host - is a perfect analogy for what mass imigration does to a country.
seriously, why can black people succeed in athletics like in the bcs championship, but not in math or science?
victories against illegals in nc, or, and texas?
if you want to live under the constitution you must give up natural order. natural, animalized order is all non-reform muslims know
: these savages are attacking thomas jefferson's statue now: stupid people with idiot ideas or no ideas
sharia law,that means non muslims to be inferior,so peaceful.
you are a blond you don't know your ass from a hole in the ground ! no matter what color your hair is your blond .
we should adhere to our religion to remain mired in the barbaric past."" teach your children well.
it's mexifornia, land of hemp fields and socialistsvery anti-citizen and pro-illegals
you're not good or white enough
the mayor in philadelphia has not addressed the murder rate in philly. demo-rats are worst!
islam has had what, thirteen hundred years to show what it can do and it creates wasteland and barbarism. what else?
pitiful: a race of blue-eyed devils we live amongst. vermin of the planet
i dont curse at women unless they prove to be ignorant idiot, she is, serious,,,do research! !
isnt the fact that cal. prisons are over pop. majority filled/overrun by illegal aliens kinda backwards?
yeah, black people know how to use weapons the day they are born. i'm white!
white men who get with nonwhite women, are sexual failures.
like dogs that will always return to eat you're own vomit. and like a pig, that was washed clean, will always
no surprise when you bring inbred cowardly muslims into a civilized society. it ain't going to get any better than this folks
well, kind of tells you where most of society views your place on the pyramid of degenerate behavior.
ya know that james craig is a neanderthal evolutionary through back & an irrelevant jackin off jesus junkie bigoted breeder..like you
. it's better to be an illegal in america then black, at least their are free.
aren't those the rodents you were arrested for abusing hunter? dude, they aren't meant for butt plugs! lol!
as an example, obamas white genetics gave him the intelligence to be president.
in a bronze age conflict, how long would high iq low t prog europe survive ?
and i present to you the face of low standard, low iq specimens holding on to their love of christ and his teachings! #deplorables
bp agent: nothing done to secure #border from #ebola, apprehensions at 30%
the police and sheriff dept in napa ca ignore the illegal aliens. this is what happens when you fail to remove the scum.
it's called america first. self preservation against invasion of illegals into our country
only jobs sudan, somalia afghan etc capable of performing is walmart greeter or chicken processing plant - illiterate backward culture, sry
what have blacks built?
they won't stop until they have turned the country into a third world hellhole.
educate yourselves abt this important issue: this barbaric enemy will out breed you & take over your counties..wake up
border agent: obama 'catch and release' policies fueling illegal immigration to u.s.
western civilization"" was going long before your god and if i'm not welcome in it neither are boatloads of africans
how easy it is to get a background from someone with no background that lives in a mud hut, lmao!
can #islam and the civilized world coexist? #tcot #bancair #islamistheproblem
fuck it all. we should have laws making stupidy illegal. thus, overpopulation goes down
feel for ya man, im native cali, these libturds ruined this state & now want to retire in nice states like yours.theyre a disease. sorrybro
london has fallen, thanks to the quislings mass-importing feral inbred barbarians (the twitter-safe i
white refugees from third world barbarism: the case of south africa, part 2
that is false. 2nd generation immigrants from the 3rd world is still shitty.
you and your chucklefuck buddies are a bunch of un/underemployed white trash that have never read/enjoyed ""western culture"" b/c of low iq.
spoken like a true nonwhite. even more, a race who shits on the streets. pinnacle civilization lmao
so you want a law that protects the lazy, stupid and incompetent just because of their place of birth? self-interest i guess.
africans in general have other problems such as weak facility for abstract thought
whereas, one of these inbreds who can string a sentence together and quote the qaran becomes the leader of the numb-nuts.
yes, and i think that their greater exposure to blacks is to account for much of this.
they are human, the worst kind, but human.
. this is how western civilization ends.whimpering, cowardly surrender to 7th century islamist savages.sad
bless her heart! when she joined antifa, the terror-trainer supervis
the western countries won't even get a crappy participation medal once islam turns them into 3rd world countries.
view. if we lose power, everything our ancestors built will be flushed down toilet and we
let them test my wall, will only test it onceelectrify the wall with extremely high voltage.
pls sign! add your name to stop the dog torture festival in #china #stopyulin2016
is all that comes from africa even its people are shyt skins
how about human ferals with low iqs and no prospects for assimilation
we're importing crooks, terrorists, 3rd world savages don't even know how to use flush toilet. they want us terrorized, all there is to it.
they're not evil, or sad.they're obnoxious as hell. they're like a shitty smell in the air caused by hatred and jealousy of decent people.
if he is taking estrogen, maybe, but you can only alter someone's outward appearance; not their dna.
yes, it's so simple!this is why the middle east and africa are so peaceful. no evil white people!
building a wall is a wast of our money. how are you going to keep out tunnel rats and drones?
heaven forbid we have strict immigration laws like japan send them all here with our open
california is the wastewater collection station of the usa! unfortunately, they do not have a treatment facility at all, anywhere in the whole state! therefore, all the crap just sits there and ferments & decays for all the world to see, & unfortunately, smell!!!!!
while in india ,they breed like mosquitoes & actually push around majority hindus! !
does one need to be white to want stability? mass 3rd world immigration just is insane. no identity perspective needed
we need an authoritarian government, ""free"" nations let cockroach live among normal citizens.
nothing will happen. you silverback maggots are full of nothing but empty threats. #hitcharidetoafrica
why can't mexicans use all this mexican ingenuity to fix their country
according to one person i communicated with - why cry over as bunch of cells, would you cry over a tumor
muslim scum knew how schools worked when they came here. no need to accommodate them
third world immigration will destroy western civilization long before climate change, and who gives a shit if the brown people who replace us have comfy weather?
it's a colorful language, ebonics is, has flavor, unlike vanilla white people & their stale linguistics
i believe it is a combination of heredity, culture, and tradition. things which blacks clearly lack. see detroit
this man is a hero and a legend he brought a flamethrower to a riot, the hood truely is an advanced civilization
the border now welcome wagon for illegals. obama has eradicated immigration laws to flood country w/ peasants.
it is an eyewash.u can trust a snake for a moment but never pakistani.pakistan is fountainhead of glo
the real hate crime is letting feral beasts prey on our people while the unknown sire sits in his sec-8
those guys are not human beings, they're meat-robots with low iq. unbelievable that they even exist :s
would like to see write up an executive order denying federal funding to cities that harbor illegals.
white people cured polio. one of many unearned privileges of living in a white society.
ya know that james craig is a neanderthal evolutionary throwback & an irrelevant jackin off jesus junkie bigoted breeder..like y'all
sharia and civilization is incompatible.
have you ever considered that if nobody cares about ethnicity the entire human population will eventually turn brown?
it needs to go back to that. the 3rd world will always be incompatible with the 1st world. denying this is lunacy.
honest inquiry for the , do you hate all non-white races equally? i seriously like the compassion displayed towards animals, though.
team america needs immigrants who speak read write english has a college degree and a verifiable work history not 3rd world type losers who makes no effort to assimilate sports teams pick the best of the best and they dont recruit in 3rd world countries.
more poor uneducated to house clothe educate and feed! america is going bankrupt feeding the world!
coming to america soon. feral muslims and no-go zones.
egypt had an influential culture, therefore sweden must take millions of africans with 70 iqs to live on the government dime
minnesota has a muslim problem, not a recruiting problem. plenty of 3rd world ""#refugee"" parasites here. #tcot
chimps doing what they do best. thisflatisforblacks to force white mum out of home| via
/tea party got bamboozle by rats for obama
you have a lot to learn about islam! these pigs are of sunni sect of islam, about 75% of muslims/1
lord hanuman protects hq of government of india, these monkeys can't be driven out
they'll sell the country over anal sex. total degenerate pigs.
maybe time to oil up the deer rifles, the ones with the hd night scopes to keep the ""vermin"" population down.
first save yourselves from barbarians you created 1400 years ago from islamic technology; you pigs have no idea
you cannot build an ethnostate without an insane amount of killing and violence
natural selection at work, weeding out the toxic members of our society
by 's logic, all of those cities should be utopia since the evil whiteman left.
the miscreant vermin still has 2 years left to dismantle the military while he's attacking america socially.
the world would be a better place without islam.
oh pleeezzz! atheism is by far the most peaceful, tolerant & inert philosophy known to man, precisely b/c its not a dogmatic ideology.
this book can help u get rid of black people by encouraging healthy black communities. read it and see >>>
i'm thinking dumb which is typical of this white trash.
one rabbit is cute, but millions are a plague
want to know something funny? islamic traders showed them the wheel, they were just too lazy to adopt i
no wonder they all look like pigs
you punk rat commies only survived b/c we mercifully let you. was only by our good graces and overall pacifism.
no, the attacks are the perpetrators fault because their subhuman
both dolezal and the genderqueer lady talk about covering themselves in filth (mud), the alien guy is pictured in blue goo. hmmm
those virus' are going rampant, need to put anti virus into effect.
honest human is torn apart by hyena breed greedy admin betrayals ppl real sheep's
congress needs to pass laws making it illegal to release illegals into the local population without notifying ice.
dr bill warner's youtube videos on for starters..we r at war with a barbaric enemy whose 1goal is world dominance for islam
the muslim paradigm is a soulless vapid perverted stain on the bed of humanity.
only trump will drain this swamp!
let them. remember, they are ""valuable"" to their society.
wow! crazy, selfish europeans that have no future, no children, or grandchildren are nihilistic like hitler.
you got adopted because you are white, healthy, and female
humans must give up primitive food like meat of dog or beef or camel or donkey etc
and as we know, islam is not a religion of peace and tolerance and there is no place for islam in the civilized world.
ugh ""alpha"" this and ""beta"" that it's so annoying. we get it, you're overcompensating ""gorilla mindset.
well the new thing is when you trash your own country move to another one! continue!
a negro who writes? i already have my doubts about this story ;-)
they are clearly so intellectually superior that they need to up the difficulty via new demographics. hold my ros pierre, i got this!
is britain ready for a lunatic muslim ?
should never have set up these sanctuary citys they are illegal. the need to leave out country be citizens
27 years later after millions and their sponsored hordes have already been given citizenship
civilized world must set aside its differences at least for time being to wipe out the barbarians or else live in permanent fear & #terror.
master obama wants a cheap labor force for his plantation! smile & be happy while u work!
tuskegee, the home of black pilots and scientists, is incapable of sustaining a wal-mart or a hotel #thetriggering
black folks elected doug jones."" they're gonna be mighty disappointed when all they get for it is rights for three legged, gay martians and their interests passed over for those of white, rich leftist stockholders in the northeast.
islam & muslims will conquer the world. islamic world is not peaceful.
the fence is a good idea when iran,syria&iraq begin their assault on the illegitimate nation of israhell the rats will have no way to escape
sickening, disheartening to see civilization actively participate in its own demise. muslims intend t
normal))) people are cancer. don't you know all white people are nazis that want to murder s
my eyes are hazel asshole---rt : a race of blue-eyed devils we live amongst. vermin of the planet
he was not any less an animal than any other negro.
educated and informed people have warned of this. why are we still importing them. they can not be happy in the 21st century
btw, governments? really? white euros built a city for liberiawithin a three year span, blacks couldn't even run garbage collection.
they are mass purging like mad
unprotected from filth like them he means
right you are! whites are systematically being replaced by the feral muslim in europe n by feral latinos and muslims in usa! soros backed
damn right. he will get it down to a trickle. illegals are scared and have right to be. can't free wheeling milking with no accountability.
yes, and america was constructed entirely of cotton products.
nyc is a disgrace for usa! cops should cooperate w ice to get all these animals off our streets deblasio sucks! get him out!
you go back to your sand barbarians
because africans are easily dominated and make natural slaves
most of you wouldn't even exist were it not for the billions in aid from white countries.
they must be forced to stay in africa and the me. africa is 20.4% of earth's land mass, europe is 6.7%. it's not our fault they can't develop it. europe shared and built european style civilizations all over africa, they ran us out and destroyed the cities, now they want ours.
if i see that, he ends up in a fucking wheelchair with a big metal plate for a skull
look at that bunch of drug addled 90 lb weaklings.
uncle sam is covered in leeches.. does seem to be more action on removing those leeches, lately cures take time..
well, first they're not human. second, it depends on what you cross. not every mixture's gonna give you white achievement.
so happy to see uneducated illegals going to canada
i beg your pardon; every people have been repaired in latter generations except black people;all have been recouped
he is technically 100% right..the problem is not muslims but islam, which makes monsters
as if the wall going to stop illegal aliens like , great wall of china stopped mongols
finally! a president that wont get pushed around, by these turd world countries.
why don't we exterminate you aids carrying rodents and make the world a better place?
get these un american swamp creatures out of our government
they're parasites. images of real refugees look starkly different.
this is not a real country anymore. its a multiracial, polyglot slop heap where we get milked to support our replacements. #katesteinle
no wonder democrats want to flood our country with mexicans and other third worlders. #daca #illegals #buildthewall
quote from democrats ""e-verify system will disadvantage many illegal immigrants in the agriculture sector."" god forbid.
believing you are an alien, or another species, or a man trapped in a woman's body is a perception disorder
then how will blacks become edumacated ?!
anywhere but where they are? back to their ancestral homelands, maybe?
sharia law is barbaric and the thought of it should be sickening to all.
really dealing with a bizarre mental disorder amongst the chosen ones. push for nonstop 3rd world migration & then cry victim do to these policies? not dealing with sanity.
cheese eating surrender monkeys who know nothing about foreign policy
more proof that islam is not compatible with civilization.
cos nothing says ""we've got you, sorry for treating you like shit"" than ""3rd tier citizen
when muslims become devout they turned into violent savage beasts; when they aren't they're decent human beings. read the book
the only thing sharia is compatible with is sharia.
one monkey don't stop no show
you put yourself in bondage and give away the usa for free and cheap to sell yourself and be ruled by the atheist ancestors of monkey brains
why don't they ever dream of returning to their 3rd world cesspools and turning them into 1st world civilizations?
mt : ""we must resist ebolaphobia. these viruses just come here for a better life, to do jobs that american viruses refuse to do.
they r illegals, not ""californians"" & they should be living in fear every day & not have a moment of comfort!
hindus who support islamist mamata will regret when they find that w. bengal is turning into a 600 ad barbaric state of arabia.
they sink to new levels of depravity, if that's at all possible.
arizona is ground zero for illegal immigration battle #afire #tcot #teaparty #immigration
they're not the people that are subject to, or have to live with these 3rd world animals. what would they know about that.
thanks for being smart enough to know a wall can be flown over by airplanes! crazy concept, i know!
hungry jungle people as competition let us get u.s.
islam breeds people like him.
we being handed the excuse and opportunity to rid our civilization of the parasites and the worthless, plus come out stronger than ever.
you people aren't human. these daca people were brought here as children they hold jobs, own homes and are more american then you.
hopes of a better life"". that's because islam doesn't work as a way to run a country! relying on a god for everything, nope!
what is this absolute garbage doing on my timeline? i live in a sanctuary city, you useless idiots. crawl back under the rock you came from.
it just amazes me how so called starving people have energy to have sex, but no energy to help their own living standards.
that goat fucker tried this shit down south he'd have his head intimately acquainted with the pavement
good british ginga grenes - from neanderthals. ;-)
from rotherham to germany, the surrender of western civilization to the savages continues. we must defeat them.
#zimmerman doesn't have blue eyes. he's hispanic & black. that vermin helped the young black children in his neighborhood
****they dont look human. they look like a bunch of ugly monkeys, sorry monkeys r better looking !!!
doing constructive things on a regular basis is beyond islam's skill set.
the problem is that people like her, who are naive & ignorant about islam, affect not only their own safety, but everyone else's as well.
look at the middle east when it was a colony run by white people.now look at it.
when are we going to accept that we have let the worst scumbags into the us.
u live in a damn city where the damn roads caving blk communities look like world war 2 riverdale is full of blk robbers n u wanna talk
enforce immigration laws or become 'a third-world nation' - via
i agree i think his real name is scum dog doesnt he live in the swamp isnt he a scum sucking maggot
white workers built roads, railways and bridges. were stockmen, railroaders and river men.
there are no races..according to white libtards that voted for the chimp
now i can't go into mexico & bring a chihuahua over the border in2 the us, but this fella', can cross the border illegally w/ a human child?
those australian aboriginals sure are terrible! "": a race of blue-eyed devils we live amongst. vermin of the planet
muslim population incresed like pigs, 4 wives&40kids:sakshi maharaj
well dont do it but dont expect evolved people not to you fkg neanderthal
for every well off family there are hundreds of feral bastards who sma
when you drab the swamp in sacramento!
america needs to practice negro control and lunatic control #nra #civilrights
#ferguson and #detroit are a reflection on the innate capacity of blacks to further and advance civilization
approx half muslms today result of inbreeding, perhaps this why they are ""hell bent"" on destroying christian based west? inbreed = low iq.
thats called naxalt, retard. of course there exists a bell curve upon which there are blacks with high iqs but the average is far lower than whites and the vast majority sit at the average
white trash = white person procreating with a non-white
big problem for texas we are scared! not only gangs,terrorists but also disease
pastors take note; white architect designed your church,whites built it,whites paid for it. whit
- islam = animals
starvation and barrel bombs.
it's very sad! don't allow these animals to your country!
europeans should do as muslims and theoretically stone that woman by voting her out of office
yea we were better offwith the floppy-eared gayblade and his manly wife shipping our 401ks and savin
grumpy says only people with half a brain use #lgbt friendly um, they use it on site lol
build the wall, and a moat to drown them too
;.cant lick em,noon emold age moo tactics,as soon as deah gets de upper hand,bow down now! alahuakbaarrrr
rt sad, isn't it? poor thing doesn't even know if she's the hubby or the wife in her ""marriage.
go fuck yourself maybe? i mean i wouldn't make you do anything, like leave the country for example.
if those ""other hemisphere"" immigrants get to mexico, are they mexicans?
sharia up, pints down.
they should put them on a bus back to mexico
they may have not taken gender study classes, but at least they work & know which bathroom to use.
francis the talking pope is such a fool it's almost entertaining unless ur catholic. imam's all need psychotherapy or lead.
what a genius, your mother would be proud
oh wow a jew made a penis joke, once again u prove how debased your jew brain is #hitlerwasright
oy vey! what is the matter with you nasty rats? why can't i be part of your little goy club ?
stick him in an mri machine, film the magnets ripping all that shit out of his flesh,
build a wall so rednecks can pick strawberries and bus tables
my friend got his ass kicked. but that's ok too right because he's not the right color. plus yiddish? fuck you
we can only hope these neanderthals run into those of us packing heat. guarantee it's not gonna go well for the jihadis.
dumbass is one word. you're* you can't even use the english language correctly. let me guess, your aunt is also your mother?
well, there was the time ivana accused him of rape but you seem like the type to ignore that. :) however, that wasn't my point at all. i'll see if i can dumb this down a little for you, hon. ok, here goes!
zip it, snowflake. just for you, he can scream saddam as he plunges. better?drowned, dipped in acid, burned alive in cages like #isis 4 u?
that seems a little harsh elder. you know wackos kill people. oh, wait a minute, i guess you're right!!
oh look. another lefty whom has an unnatural fixation upon sex. is that all your tiny kind can imagine?
and pork. mmm bacon. or clothing of mixed fabrics (as long as they don't look gay).
wow, i have been looking for you for 8 years. you are right obama is a coward so why did blacks vote 95% twice for him. how many christians?
lmao okay, you are a journalist, and i am elvis. whatever. this is no more mysterious than roof or glenn miller
we can burn the flag and police watch and do nothing but if we throw a book in the toilet they invest
oh honey. justoh, honey. bless your heart.
no, you have to call her and ""empty barrel""! oops! i guess i'm a black white supremacist.
holy cow, get some education guys!
well, barack obama can't very well ask new citizens to do something he wouldn't do himself, now, can he?
if you don't speak up, they she will speak for you. marilyn deyoung, , latino ""babies can join a gang
maggots
how dare you assume gender. it's equality, baby.
amazing, she's a candidate that conspires with illegal immigrants for votes, wow and she wants to be president
careful don't feed the tribesman
imagine the memories they'll form while starving, cold, and violently abused. last a lifetime.
in an effort to cement her racial equality bona fides she brought home the wrong token black guy.
when which money, fucking stupid unless, you ask a loan. to your boyfriend vladimir putin.
i've personally pranked a gay, two commies and a (((fellow white person))) out of the gym, did my wings just get lost in the mail?
in a marketplace of ideas, few girls have anything original to offer. what they can offer is brief dopamine spurts from the occasional flirtation. assume everyone on the internet is a man, and act accordingly.
these amazingly brave people make american protestors like blm look like babies bitching about not getting a
she didn't mean it. if she meant it, she'd have invited you over, given you a house and made the uk taxpayer fund your life.
why have a wall when you have mexico on this side of wall?
why doesn't mexico help them out? are they expected company or just more freeloaders? no plan - no entry
mommy, someone knows not taught history and is challenging our societal taboos!
your primitive ignorance is embarrassing. go learn anything, anywhere.
welcome to #sweden, refugees!maybe i should take a week or two myself, nice pool!
and you will see antifa riots, lunatic actors, fake news, crooked politicians, swamp creatures, vagina wearing clowns for hillary
yes! wall sounds great. can keep mexicans from boats, tunnels and airplanes for a while longer? what about merpeople? wall off the ocean too
ah, the feminist double standard, she can troll cnn and stalk chris cuomo but not vice versa.
i work for willy wonka, and i'm hiring little people for our latest expansion. do ya think your wee friend is interested?
the infiltration was done a long time ago by the jesuit order. your job is to become a slave now, go watch tv idiots.
honey, they skipped me too. i don't think whoever gives out white privileges likes me at all.
and then what? ban all ladders and shovels in mexico?
fighting anti-american liars and commie goons makes me feel great! more people should try it.
i printed posters of #khallidmuhammad and i blast diarrhea on them everyday!
correct, they're not. so why are they here? get rid!
feed of shit its canada not ramjamistan. don't like it sod off back to sharia heaven. where do these outsiders get off.
out those dunces
we should kick their asses back to their own countries. imagine what they will demand when they decide to stay here after college???
fudge your satanic values bubbles
now try something correct. by, loser. let us in the real world do
yep, genetics is racist. jesus, man, quit drinking before it's too late.
then you are living in an imaginary mzansi , go watch kalushi and learn a few things.
not on pork? or choking on their salivas?
right, so lets outlaw it so women still cloths hooks up their snatch instead.
oh good, a little tb with your coffee?
nazis like cock so if it's kept quiet he could probably be his weekend thang.
just haveem call ca. those idiots already have the fund. all while homeless american vets sleep in cardboard boxes and have no food.
worried about her headscarf? i would have torched it!
and then a trans man with a vagina comes into the womens bathroom and all the women start complaining about a man in the bathroom.dude,logic
-sorry. this is a hoax photo. but aww, you want to believe it, don't you?
no shit! everything's bout muslims lately. maybe they should stay over there if they don't like my tatas n beer! #f'm
certainly bbqs & tattoos wld never be a part of your dogma since vegetarian, failed artist, hitler only believed in tattooing jews.
universities are european institutions. if they want to learn about africa, they should go back to africa.
she's an abrahamic, what were you expecting lol :) ?!
ok were are they getting the moneydams breaking roads crumble fires every were but illegals come first.how about using money to help vets
as if muslims at the border will admit they want islamic law. ""do you believe gays should die?"" ""no."" ""ok, in you go.
you dirty rat"", bang, bang, bang. #chuckecheese
buh bye deplorable, no time for rancids.
that entry fee might be a great idea-cut tourist traffic way down for them-$-yes, good idea. what an idiot to make that proposal!
you're just jealous you don't have a cute blonde to hose you down with tan.
here you go, folks. a handy-dandy guide to who hates ted.
people will object ""but the famous, large kill count, intricate ones are white!"" - well yes, anything advanced / intricate / noteworthy is.
haha perkins/frc are both idiotic crapfests.although, crap does attract fliesand you seem to like 'em a lot.
maybe all illegals in the usa could move to ca? #takethemall
that's going to do a lot. time for a round up, start with the lawyers who represent this filth when they get arrested.
yeah, release them so when their deportation hearing happens in 2021 theyll have 5 us-born kids by then
he blocks everyone anyway, snowflake gone melting in the snowlol!!
if you don't agree with me you are a racist, yah, nice poiny
no! this is not a fabric store! these are female human beings indoctrinated and forced by a misogynist religion to live a life of slavery
hey, don't you know christmas is offensive and oppressive?
i hesitate to answer. i wouldn't want this lantern-jawed roughneck to think i was gay.
mmmm, mmmh, mmm that sweet frog up your ass, 'feels good' doesn't it?
we should hand him over to the peahmerga women's battalion and look away.
bexar county sheriff says the bill would alienate immigrants. wait, what? alienate illegal aliens?
if you want a protest that will really wow 'em, you gotta get that soros funding.
they get free educations grants, while american young adults can not. oh poor illegals they only want to better themselves, get out theives!
he wouldn't ask that question if his family was murdered by savages!
they're mongrels!
i was there on the other side of the barrycade - poke them enuf and they make uz a good photo for the
so tell us, when is this god going to show up and tell you how to have sex? or how to define it
uh oh, better call the optics police!
is it true you can make duck calls out of jew teeth?
why bring any refugees at all? what good are they? average iq from syria is less than 90, these people will be a burden!
it will keep the ones out that can't afford a plane or a boat
and if some horny lesbian watches you pee you're in with it? not disgusting at all. duh
a few people get shekels
do you think #americans are going to go pick fruit, or cut lawns, or do condition? think about it
bit late now,and he's supposed to be clever.
turn them into road pizza!
ah, the negro-mancer mage class makes its appearance.
diversity is a strength! except on math scores, apparently.
people ask..if parents get deported, what of kids? duh, take them with you. i would
we should have done a better job teaching these hoodlums us history instead of the tyranny of progressivism.
funny, yep that convinced me{sarcasm off}
good job, next time, also bring a wooden ""soap box"" for speakers to stand on -this is trad., very ameri
just for you since of course you are a little hollyweird parrot, repeating what cnn and the rest of liberal journalist wannabes, say.
omg, quit following the law, we need to sell tennis shoes
i was going to go poster the local synagogue with these, hail victory my fellow fashy goys! teehee
marie, why didn't you come legally?
what happened to his open boarder policy and we love everyone, come on in???
well look, if a measly seven thousand more whites had got off the couch pretty pathetic to come that close and let it slip away.
lazy nibberfaqqots get the locker.
help #buildthewall so people get start working on the tunnelsyes, that is sarcasm
is that all they have on their minds brain in their dick castration time
move out of your mothers basement, go out and meet real people- you might like life?
no, to hell where 72 virgin devils is going to screw the hell out of him for eternity.
oooohh no.. that's just their welcoming committee, religion
now if that isn't the pot calling the kettle mexican, i don't know what is!
don't worry, that fake fearless girl statue funded by wall street bankers will stay up.
um ya, i'm sure that's what i meant..#banislam
whatever they do, people still won't want to date black women or asian men.
senators should focus their energies on isis, illegal immigration and border security instead of always looking to start world war iii.
yes, tell me who puts their kids in water only when the water is safer than the land.
grope a dope. hysterical!!!
believe this is a great idea!!! drug money can build the wall and then some.
oh but ""evil"" gulf countries are just sooo misogynistic, told me so.
they most certainly do. what happened was g soros and his cash, uh sorry i meant influence!
what's next? maybe he will give muslims the white house a new car. new houses and more
im an american citizen who organizes, includes, & works with americans of all races + walks of life to defend this nation against slime ball illegal immigration cheerleaders like you. millions in the usa have heard my voice and messages and there's nothing you can do to stop me.
well she looks better that obamas momma looked in her nude/porn pics
wow, robert sounds like a 10-year-old stamping his feet and saying, ""it's not fair!"". poor insecure thing. much love
. wow - a minute ago i was irrelevant and now i'm making you look bad! what's next? zionists moved your shoes?
what if i just laugh and point a finger at you?aww, can't shoot me. poor little tough guy.
are you fucking racist and high? that kid was pummeled beyond belief by pigs. they deserve j
wow. what a racist. you should call yourself the pink panthers. a bunch of race hustlers. what good is coming from this ?
great. go volunteer, take your family with you. we taxpayers won't pay for wall or any of this b.s
haha that would be awesome and suicide for what's left of the libs do it, smaller govt is good for all .. jus sayin #maga
liberal hippie bs ! go to the middle east and let's see your welcome strangers theroy !
like murder good job, you pathetic loser.
i got a good one for them pack there bags and send them home notice they always wave mexican flags not ameeican
ok, what if a nice friendly guy who found good family values in mein kampf wanted to be sworn in on it?
bless their hearts, you can't blame because they just learned about fire, the auto, and email.
you've come a long way from grinny the pooh, hunter. kudos.
yeah this isn't portland, that kind of behavior here would get them on the wrong side of a slaughter
if state office is just a social construct, why do people laugh at my neighbor who just declared himself potus?"" and soforth.
don't tell our cultural overlords that, though. they know better
hey, she didn't say ""latinx"". the best we can get out of her is she's a liberal two-years ago.
i think it is in poor taste to dance in the streets when anyone diesbut this guywhen he goesexception to every rule. die, georgie
g-d forbid a child might actually think of g-d on the playground, and we can't have that kind of religious statism, now can we?
how about having the slow olympics too. u know, winners jump lowest, run slowest,
how about a fund for the victims of these illegal immigrants? wouldn't that be more proper??
they should start giving them a mandatory 10 years hard labor. then see how many wet backs wanna enter our country.
if it boils down to giving some third world sewer our tax $$ forget it. america first.
you know elder, hes a fake pos, pitty beiber tried to be like him his trump dis is whack like he smoked too much whacked wannabe like snoopy
in italy we call this type of woman how you say, piggo porko
build that wall!! build that wall!! ahhhhhh..
just because he's a muslim, she's a jew and he shouted 'allahu akbar' you cannot jump
protecting our citizens from ms13, heroin and isis? i'll buy the first brick!
billy boy will select a harem for himself if he is put in charge!
well be the elite and erase them soon enough.
- damn right we don't. let a coon be a coon but that coon will be exposed if he/she comes cooning 'cross our path.
that's great let them stay in mexico and suck there country dry and lets see how long they put up with the illegal immigrants coming there
ridiculous garbage wackos spewing"" excellent words i'm sure you can back up?
gmafb get rid of all the camel sucking mozrats!!
you mean illegal immigrants? stop mixing legal immigrants who have nothing to fear with illegal immigrants on food stamps!
gramps would leave the door unlocked during the summer hoping someone broke in, free labor in lieu of buckshot and a 3 sec headstart
you cross-straddlers don't do readins' well, do you?
nah, you and your nazi friends are going to be sent back to your inbred shack towns or end up in body bags.
eat pig!
robert, i'm the coolest catholic apologist out there, other than patrick madridno one is as cool at pat madrid!
fukin people trample their woman around like dogs. no #wearedefinitlynotmuslim
let's hope they get to meet allah while living in the caliphate then. otherwise they may not get to heaven.
i may be powerless to stop trannies from sharing a locker room with my daughter, but gosh darn it i can get a lot of sons killed overseas!
judge, smudge. silly-looking black robes. gods in their own diseased minds. probably pedophiles
then pl. do needful. also educate muslim girls to come out of their hell by marrying hindu boys.
thus bye bye dumb amd bumber!!! grow a brain and adios illegos
make it so horrendous that illegals don't want to come back illegally.
anonymous will drive you back into the forest where you belong u dirty pieces of shit! #opkkk #wewilldestoryyou #weareleigon
to repeat a quote from 1 of the smartest men i have ever read, thomas sowell. ""racisim is like ketchup, u can put it on anything.
yeah, how dare those extreme left wingers jump in front of a car driven by a poor ickle innocent nazi ?
yep, the deal is, they get deported and so do their illegal parents. then we build the wall so they never come back. that's my dream. does that make me a dreamer?
no place for them to go but back where they came from or they can go stay with the obama's in their mansion!
if the west is so desperate for migrants, take indians! they are family focused, hard-working, ambiti
on the ones and twos, coming straight to you to keep those keto blues far away all day everyday, clanging and banging, huffing and puffing, my man pots and pans, the one the only, the tidiest, whiteiest this side of the trump wall! he has it all, tight whitie!
christ, they're right. we should have appointed hillary! (sarcasm.)
funny italy and france don't use illegals to pick grapes.
build that damn wall with hillary and husan obama on the mexican side. 2 aaa socialist sleezebags
but money is what makes the world go round , ask those that do not have money ?
but we should support other races aborting their kids.
why do radicals #antifa & #isis dress up like silly #sissyassninjas? hard to take them serious when they dress like holloween 4 year olds!
no, we don't want thier barbaric sharia practices inflicted on us.
gee, i'd like to vote in the english and german and mexican elections. think those countries would mind? gross.
why not enforce laws and send these people back
blood is calling, send this traitor srk to suck taliban and dance with ghunghroo in jehadi parties
mr. perkins, is sen. santorum the equivalent of american taliban? unfair?
#daca turns four, watch for ""future eligible children"" to get #work permits soon.
it is a travesty of justice. who was this guys lawyer? elmer fudd? and the judge, was he a muslim? the whole thing stinks.
aww, it can't read
should we ask: will two guys kissing drive you over the edge, do you believe gays can fly?
great. zero is a great number. i mean don't we have enough illegal immigrants to offset the legal immigrants?
but they'll pack explosives made with gelatin to their bodies and explode themselves in a spray of pig fat.
what do you expect? a white kid with air jordon shoes. in front of blacks come on
thanks,elder.they are really desperate.they are riding whatever bus they are on,right into the ground
just vote her your guts if you want to survive from islamists.
get rid of daca.,the 14th amendment.if your parents are illegal and have a baby here it should be whatever nat. their parents are.
we need to keep these scums out of our country. kiss our white rebel asses,
gen z(yklon) is on our side. who do you got? cat ladies, soymales, others who thought there would be free fried chicken etc
no that they do not, bud. they shouldn't be allowed to breathe, period. they'll be buried in shit ridden piss soaked slate.
even the lowly camel knows!
-when you #blacktrash sons-of-#crackwhore mommas want a dialog let me know? you are pathetic #urbanboybitch pukes!
nope.. i mean law enforcement enforcing our laws and not allowing subversive punks any leeway to plunder. #lawandorder #america #wiseup
thank god we are #indians!if we were in #pakistan,our options for professional courses after xiith would be as follows:#kashmirrejectspak
show me in the constitution where it ever addresses sodomites and lesbians getting married
but hey! that fat whore sure did make a fabulous sock puppet! minus the smell and liquid discharge
isn't their mentality, or lack of, so twisted?!!! the men prefer men but want to look like women. women prefer women but dress like men. lol
rape gangs have been here along time oh thats ok then
3 year's actually, we ready to swap the palestinians with mexicans, but no canadian they too weirdo.
fuck the invader rodents! they and their shitty parents are all shoot-worthy robbers!
it seems lalu becoming nationalist; after all cow slaughter must be avenged
the current cuckish philosemitism says whites must suck up to jews even when jews slap whites around. that is not acceptable to alt right
i use korans for kindling, but that's just me . . . . .
no wonder the muslim men lose their minds. they see burqua's all the time. come to the west and see lots of skin.
hey, are you a conservative african american or, as libs would say, a prop?
damn, african dana is a problem? what do you want done with ones here already?
naw - they can resort to what they're best at - 'hawking' that dope !
i knew that would happen but weren't t/ bombers of wtc muslims? clownatano is a leftard nut case. rt napolitano may .
remove the fucking jooze & their social marxist whores instead.
what will be funny is when the koranimals and rape apes turn on the left and they come to the alt right demanding to be protected.
sweetie why did muhammed ask jesus to let him jump in the swine and jump over the cliffs. was he afraid to jump off the mountain
i cannot refute autistic screeching. even jewish sorcery has its limits.
keep kicking and braying for me donkey!
black skin would get the white man tax breaks on owning a business, reduce his chances of getting fired from a job, get him into college cheaper and easier, give him victory over political correctness. dark chocolate spray tans for the white man.
so should legal aliens sue our immigration dept for making them pay financially and waited for years??
walid shoebat on the bergdahl family #islam connection * the savage nation * march 26, 2015
she deserves it! you lay with fleas you're going to get bit.
the so-called intelligent ones who think brexit/trump was victory of ignorance, yet they want islam? beyond stupid
i want to go to usa to earn good money - english speaking, white, no stds, no aids, no sickness, no chancr
. what if one of those animals is gay or belongs to a jewish family? is it still cruel?
ct congress better enforce immigration law or quit giving them our tax money. gosh sakes
stupid fat she-boon
guess who ends up with their bills??!! yep, we do!!
let it be the albatross around her neck for showing her true, globalist, anti-american colors. please replace her and ban killing elephants.. please. its just not you. they are beautiful animals, like us. kill a scourge, not an elephant. #nodaca
here new nose is way better. less hasidic. makes her hair more blonde too apparently.
marrying children and female genital mutilation all good!
she's 16 not 6. she's old enough to know better then to consort with blacks. if she was dating this bla
yall are no better then a black kkk.. an you aint killin my ""pink"" ass
its all about handouts, from the us, uk to africa..expect them to work and the expect handouts..ahhh shame
you're the nut hugging little wigger, homie the clown.
good , they want illegals, watch what you wish for.
let them go. maybe we can get the libs and their pets to go.
i'll take these guys. you fags go find your own country
yea!!! because everyone, good and bad, wants to get in free and illegal!!!!
glad not to live in ca. taxpayers pay over 13% for state & over 7% for sale taxes. i wonder if there are city taxes. let's pay for illegals.
okay if you believe that then you truly are deluded. hijab is oppressive to woman kind. i revere women. they are humanity's future. be gone
secure? all can cross the borer day or night, the only thing they don't get is a free democrat party balloon when crossing
too bad. breeding islam out of existence would have worked!
i would be honored to act for women under muslims opression.
why do you like this hakla ? he is suited to act only like a retarded paki, i don't see even songs of anti-nationals
that's the religion of peace. yeah, right.
the american government need to try these law breakers and send them to jail no moe sanctuary cities !!!!!!
really? dreamers just take form this country, a us soldier is willing to die for it. not surprising a dem made that comparison. ungrateful scumbags
no more $ for these dreamers!
bring back slavery? oh well, there goes the $433k cotton stripper.
how on earth can he vow to do that. he can't protect his peeps inside of mexico. his country is like chicago on steroids.
if this little shit protest was about jews - you would need the - when i think of - i think of lice
hate hikes are encouraged, hiking with a weighted pack is even better.
if you are an illegal, you might want to invest in a trailer. u-haul doesn't do international.
tell me, is that red cross a cry for a medic for your english skills?
you live in a shit hole, and the muslims will make nazis look like school boys. fuck mohammed and islam
i'll easier find a half pregnant woman than a moderate muslim.
at the same time, the bible says that gays should be put to death. maybe not the best thing to take life advice from.
maybe should get an island for these obama felons. like australia started. dump them there 2 live with obie.
it they know the 'illegals' are coming why can't they stop them?
no more lies and propaganda. these are not american kids and it insults every veteran to say they are. they are illegals.
camel is their mate of choice, besides goats. they'd take offense to one getting a broken back.
rt : the first targets: the female and children. then when the ""men"" are government controlled wussies, the is
their recruiting tool is the koran.
rooney stfu you go to mexico and live you love them so much.tell you what move about a thousand into your neighborhood.then you would change your tune.
and daca is the camel's nose under the tent that greases the rails for dapa amnesty leading to full blown amnesty for all illegal aliens.
absolutely insane. try that crap anywhere in central america and you end up buried in a desert somewhere. here, we give you 200k.
where are the american gun-owners when a filthy mud-slime goes all alla-hoo-ak-bar?
oh, i see: ""take it back"" from good, decent people and give it to you evil jerks. got it!
shhh,he's a target for the liberals and illegals now.dont malign the holy dacas, a group of 25-36 yr old pure baby angels.we should give
are you ready to be waterboarded yet, sean? still waiting!
let in jews and it becomes a ""nations of immigrants"" in another month.
#thankwhitepeople for discovering cures for diphtheria, dysentery, polio, rickettsia,measles,typhoid(u get the idea)
does a muslim ban really matter that much? if we actually wanted progress we'd need a hispanic ban
yes, we do . want them thrown out. i dont care if they r all jose einsteins. r illegal and constitution, ours at least. says out they go.
too many cooks spoil the soup!. too many rino's spoil the party's agenda. i'd like 2 bend em over & let a real rhinoceros gouge their asses!
you sick cuntgo jump on your black boyfriend slithering slut!
go, bakers. wedding cakes are for real weddings :
hey illegals you have no rights to our laws when you came here illegally such idiotic claims tying up courts so they can tell u same
#nothingtodowithislam of course. just ask obama, if you can find him. he's on a golf course somewhere.
those pesky buddhist again!
the evil bastard? what should i say? i feel sick. and now islam? good help us..
i guess its poetic symmetry, they were carried in (so they say) and now they'll be carried right back out.
muslim's are putting in practice. if mohammed done it, then it's fine.
if this is true, then this is an #ahmed game changer. electronics enthusiast exposes 'clock
if anyone in the doj actually cared, they would investigate these sanctuary supporting scumbags & stop this violence. dc is all talk.
the savages have no problem lying!
i'm jewish & support lgbtq rites. guess i'll be helping the gays take u 2 concentration camps.
illegals flying, adults in high school, ms-13 recruiting, mccain ripped!(follow the links and use all of this
topic you can debunk kicked, choked in migrant no-go
poison ivy league schools. higher ""macademia"" bunch of nuts! let'em sponsor unvetted from 7 terror nations!
dude looks like a lesbian butch, how do we know that's a man?--&gt;
yes, refujihadist is what they are, being shipped in by our home land (muslim director), doj and wh philosophy.
we should give every intolerant muslim that choice. go back or try to be a productive american.
cosmo needs to shift to all butch-dyke all the time and get it over with. they're not fooling anyone right now.
gross bastards. i'd say go back to your own country but we accidentally inbred you here. yuck.
oh goodie! more unwanted babies, just what the world needs. celebrate!
if there here illegally then why should anyone have a drivers licence,,in georgia it gives you voting rights .
they know how many overstayed, but what have they done about them?
gay or transgender, should not be in the scouts lgbt behavior not appropriate for scouts, not born that way
what the hell is wrong with these people? they are sheep being let to slaughter. #banislam
put mexican hats on the machines and drive on
lets take that shit back brothers fuck the porch monkeys.
wow, face it kids, cali is done. it may be time to have a 'sacrificial lamb' plan in our back pockets.
i have to say it! she needs a poke in her hantas!
why would any white person want to be around a fat black guy? the smell alone, would be overbearing.
scream back at'em ""olly olly oxen free!"" while doing jumping jacks. that'll freak them out and they will melt.
just look at their face! each one of them has a blood thirsty eye. freak!
oh, great! another magnet to attract the wrong kind of people we want in the us. we will never sol
if a man can cut off his penis and be a woman, then all categories are fair game.thank you liberals
soon it'll be racist if you breathe without their permission:
no, just ship their butts back to mexico, regardless of age.
good goy, you serve your masters well unfortunately you can't move to their ethnostate owned by rothschild
who really believes that a baghead is attractive? really?
well, you can escape all the terrible white oppressors and build your black paradise?
that is so funny. #obama wants to take my #2a rights & give it to criminals. great idea - not
bye bye. we won't miss ur welfare sucking dem ass.
there are two families: ""joe legal"" and ""jose illegal"". both families have two parents, two children, and live in
i just hope native europeans take a que from israel and start cooking piggies hot and hard b4 its too late! pussy eu
lol #lib #welfarepets hey #ferguson retards,its #pantsupdontloot when grandjury clears officer #darrenwilson
lol, silly muslim. byw, you forgot inbreeding. that might have something to do with your argumentation
that's joey over there and mary, and jesus and saul and shaquille not that italian, white chick, mexican, jew and black guy
where's the line to give blowjobs for citizenship?
no towel for him he's british of pakistan ethnicity. only towel he'll get is when arabs make him clean floors.
i'd adopt these white refugees kids anyday over a nearby ghetto black or illegal mexican child.
beasts must get out of human civilizations; texan girls must start shooting beasts and rest follow
yes, start dreaming in your home countries! time to protect american citizens from criminals.
or even better, get a job and pay her bills
yeah, right. go find an illegal that's not on food stamps, wic, or medicaid. just one.
you are all smelly and i bet your faces look like melted wellies you poo heads
and you are a black a$$hole who is so fkng ignorant you belong in chains. jus sayin'. blessings!
kick those scums out ! great job. they are a plague.
poor wittle snowfwake
imagine thinking you're ahead of the chinese, lol.
i don't carei bet when he says ""allahu ackbar"" it's pretty damn cute
chew them up and spit them out back to mexico
no amnesty. deport
no one cares, more illegals making illegal entry into our nation. like any criminal, some got theirs. deport the rest.
at this moment in time the us should not take in any more immigrants or allow illegals. we are broke!
i've seen this game before! stop it now! president trump had ag sessions work his ass off getting gangs out of here but it can't stop there
simple deport all immediately!
it has one useful purpose. fancy toilet paper. ban islam islam bad
don't let him in, brits! they are either in victim mode or supremacist mode. once inside uk, he'll be a islam-supremacist.
no, send them back. they are a drain on our economy. come in here legally
no!we have 2 kick all brutal islamists out of our civilised countries.1/4 of planet belongs 2 islam,why eu?
pl. put all these cair etc in guantanamo prison without food
cancel all their passports&citizenships.good riddance.ship all those sharia wet dreamers to syria.
if it a country where ppl come here legal yes. all illegals should be removed.
send them back!!
native americans were here first, there's no denying it, and they didn't secure their borders. see what happens?
ban hijab and burka. they need to assimilate or leave
deport all daca illegals. u.s taxpayer money spent on these illegals wrong and needs to stop. article shows they are not intelligent by any stretch but they do know how to use the u.s. taxpayer thanks to democrats in congress and their crooked ways.
deport the illegals and fine company for employing them.
cut off their heads
oh look, it's one of the american taliban. move to the middle east, you freak.
rt only if you entered the country legally, otherwise it's handcuffs and ""back of the line"" for you!
easy: just defund any fed monies to the soviet city of new york. let them stew . then arrest illegals.
i am in congressional district 27 california, i vote to end daca. what is the problem now?why illegals win &engineers get killed silently
after last night, the rioters of #ferguson should be considered terrorists and be dealt with accordingly
no such thing as might they ""must"" be deported.. all illegal aliens must be deported.no amnesty, or we will face unprecedented negative consequences.
let's start issuing boarder zone hunting licenses, non-lethal of course
good to hear - u cant violate our laws and expect to get away with it forever! go ice!!!
baltimore don't you have enough problems get illegals out & apparently the prosecutors giving this type of advice need to be fired
rt ""may take a while"" in dhs speak means, ""never.."" #sendthemback
troops on border and close border for three years. no illegals and no drug traffic. gov does not want that. we do!!
deport now. reopen ellis island. secure the borders.
100% of liberal want them banned, too. jihadi-justin os working on it. don't worry. m103 was just the beginning.
why not he's giving them whatever they want. they deserve deportation or jail. instead get freedom to piss on citizens
time to end sanctuary cities joe manchin! stop haboring illegal immigrants! obey laws of united states of america secure borders #maga
time to band together and get sickening vocal. whatever it takes to stop this garbage and the carriers of garbage. t
we need to stop terrorism. its bad!"" your proposal is?""only let in the based muslims!"" o oh. okay.
ryan. i think your days are numbered. we in az totally 100% agree with arpio's pardon. and remember. it was a misdemeanor! obama let murders
why dont the british take the dreamers. they are here illegally and need to be deported. only 45% of dreamers have a hs education. what is their benefit to our economy.
islam must be eradicated. third jihad is coming to an end. no more obama protection. deport all muslims.
i think it'll be covered once all the #illegals are out!
start with the visa violators and anyone with criminal convictions (including released illegals from jail/prison) gotta go
immigrants are welcome to come into our country legally. the illegal criminals need to be kept out #secure orders
if they are undocumented, they aren't immigrants.
send him to honduras with the other 500,000 pieces of trash
there are some people who came here legally why should illegal immigrants get a free ticket this is bull shit
suck my dick douche bag. freebies please i wish. me and my whole family were born in the usa. shoot yourself loser
don't save them. they are here illegally.
if you work hard & take responsibility - i'll give your job to a foreign worker who'll work for less #immigration #sotu
the judge approves of invasion and aides in the harboring of fugitives. liberals are perfectly okay with it too!
if islam is banned what happens to the muslims? arrest them? kill them? what exactly?
get rid of them. let them dream in the middle east. there's plenty of space
as a legal immigrant who hd 2 hv a job, a sponsor, no govt help for 5 yrs, this is music 2 my taxpaying ears! it's time 2 end the free ride
daca is amnesty open border new world order agenda.
goodbe independantget a real job, pay your taxes and stop living off others.
all should be deported immediately.
some think these are refugees, wtfu #tcot #wakeupamerica
ice needs to round up every illegal alien protester and deport them. don't break up the family. ship them all out.
well just deport them
shut the front door. get them out. this can b used to help our staving legal children, our veterans, our legsl elderly, etc. get them out!
only legal immigrants here- illegals and children go home!
given that you commit the crime, and rob, and loot, and murder us, yes, that is true. how about deporting yourselves?
disgraceful. embarrassing. please have all incoming refugees from the banned countries go to hawaii!
deport all illegals !
end daca! no amnesty! no citizenship! no chain migration! no benefits! no voting 25 years! build the wall!
go ahead. pardon still doesn't make any less deportable. can't prosecute but can load em up so they can make mexico great
doesn't 'e' stand for enforcement, ? won't deport illegal aliens arrested @ #dnc2012
pl. respond to attacks, despondency will not help; simply #deport all muslims
: kkklanneed to report illegals contact ice 1-866-dhs-2-ice""#funnyasshell
deport all muslims
-arrest & deport everyone of those law breaking sunday bitches and especially the murderers!
#daca must die, works against american public, all must be removed/deported #maga #masa #trumptrain #dts #lockherup
cut off all funds to sanctuary cities. if they can't live by the law, they need to be own there own.
deathpenalty or life inprisonment must be implemented on these animalsk, not mere deportation!
block them? how about deport them?
refugees can go right to social security and all other social benefits day one.
this is complete crap ! that 21million could be used to protect our borders.
stop this bullshit with these illegals. they get nothing. 000000
build the wall. deport all illegals
whatever happened to e-verify? seems obvious way to deter illegal immigrants from coming. criminal penalties?
nods..revoke passport and place them on terrorist list for return
ice should just go in and check for themselves, since dem areas are lead by a-holes! jail them if they do not cooperate.
no god damned amnesty to any illegal aliens
activate the ban. if these f**kers keep it up then total removal will be necessary.
close down the borders!! allow non government working class to watch them
if they are illegal, then let them go
make welfare recipients work the jobs illegal immigrants have now.deport them there is your job platform!
reject each and every one of them. do not send them to usa. ship them back to their countries!!!!
daca break us laws you get deported! what don't you understand?
enough!let's ship all those muslim,crooked liberaltard and crackedhead protesters away#maga
border security is irrelevant. only raise plus e-verify, together, is valuable enough to trade for ""dreamer"" amnesty. else it's '86 again.
illegals can sue hahahawell winning your lawsuit is another matter!
deport this drunken, drug, criminal and make it stick! this is beyond insanity. citizens would be in prison 4 a long stretch. not probation
hang obama deportation for all illegals kids too no amnesty no permits no reform no medical aide no school aide
fine their asses and cut their funding.start sending the illegals back to their home countries.americans 1st
anyone livin in texas along the boarder with mexico sees the problem, unless they are part of the problem. it's outta control. #buildthewall
stop illegal immigrants from voting!
hang them by the neck!!
cut daca now or we will be stuck with them forever
an unauthorized amnesty begins, no safeguards in place to prevent fraud #daca #immigration
if the 4a doesn't prevent customs from making warrantless searches, 1a doesn't prevent a ban on muslim immigration.
screw off. no amnesty. illegal is illegal
if they hadn't broken our laws coming here they would have nothing to be afraid of. they are welcome to take their anchors with them and go
ask her if she'd consider it, if he asked? she knows how to strategically get isis & rid refugees.
one of bo unvetted criminals. bastard!!! send him back to the hellhole where he came from.
the thoughts of giving 1 million democrat voters and their descendants the ability to outvote us all is terrifying. deport them no regrets
these people and any one else that hire illegals for their personal gain are breaking the law and should be made to pay the price. thieves
no more refugees! start sending all of them back! treat it like tps= temporary!
it shouldn't be easy, no welfare, no social security to illegals.
send them to prison and let the sisters take care of them.
this guy needs to be deported. should be illegal for lawyers to represent an illegal.
put it up his murdering rump and detonate it
take it one step further! eliminate the refugee program! send them home!
do the words spoken by these muslims constitute sedition? bring back the sedition law. britain first.
#bansharialaw deport all moslems
deport every illegal immigrant!! they are all using u.s. taxpayer to their advantage. what a bunch of bs.
all daca recipients, except those in the service must be deported. thats what we voted fornot negotiable. lets concentrate on american dreamers for a change
islam is growing because you have more children than anyone else. also, apostacy is punishable by death -or your community disowns you.
yom kippur.nothing.easter..nothing.ramadan.pile up the bodies.
better to just cut the jihadists down.
do you support gun control? let's disarm black people, gangbangers, and obvious lunatics and see if that makes a difference. #nra
sick, sick, sick this muslim religion is very sick! penalty should have been removal of his private parts!
get rid of them!
they'll be ignored. the ""parasites"" need to all go home!
round them up & deport them.
#deportillegals as the law is written. if you don't like the law, use our processes in place and change it.
no amnesty no daca yes deportation
visa reform, remove birthright exemption, eliminate sanctuary cities or stop fed. $, enforce e-verify, seal borders.
these shits are getting shipped all over world to start nothing but chaos and confusion! they're all going to die or prison!
1952 by the un our constitution was amended to ban all islamic people from usa, trump is right these people are to dangerous to america !!!
no. stop immigration from countries where they grow oil and dirt. total shutdown. us gov't is incompetent seiu.
stamp out islamophobia? how about stamp out islam and the dark invaders? they have to go back.
end #tps and send the 50,000 #haitians back home via
that's right asshole, if you don't like the way we do business? get the fuck out of our country now!!
bs!! illegal=deport now!!
if they send muslims back to their own countries they won't have this problem.
just my opinion but britain needs to take a page from n.ireland and bomb all the mosques.
boots on the ground' is a must! #rt #stopislam #makedclisten
this is just a smokescreen. wait till they demand that full grown ""refugee children"" be allowed in the
let's kill them !
hook book and hang em
then raise taxes on the rich dems/repubs in congress who vote for this. no healthcare for illegals!!!
is there any justice?leave note, flee to our enemy, our ppl killed & he pleads guilty and gets a pass.!?why bother prosecuting anyone???
the humanitarian crisis & the coming crime wave in u.s. cities stop the #amnesty nightmare!
i hope they get the book thrown at them! and after they serve hopefully long sentences, hope they get deported back where they came from!
please mr. president: stop all $ aid to illegals at once, starting w/obama's muslims. then deport them all.
put nooses around them.
take her money, fine her, and deport her dependents too.
send them all back to were they came from. illegally hear and have baby throw them out to. come in the right way
put the judges right down at the border in tents-send them right back to mexico.
well what do they expect when any refugee that comes into europe is treated like a friggin king. give him.aslyum in prison.
wow! something that actually makes sense! get them all!
he would have been alive if she didn't come here for her freebies,,,
if cities can ignore feds & create sanctuary for illegals then border states shld mobilize national guard to secure border.
zero illegal persons in the united states should be left unevaluated or allowed to believe they have rights- see switzerland+germany+compare
no daca, no free rides, no special protections for illegal immigrants, deport the bad guys, better vetting process is needed now.
yes - deport him!!
nobody says back to mexico. put him on a plane to iraq, russia, africa anywhere it will taken longer to sneak back in,
well, they should be. fight, alienate em, on behalf of our 'allies' invite em here! duh!
throw them out now. turn them back. return them, whatever it takes.
europe and usa should take in zero muslim refugees as they are all potential jihadis.
stop deporting and make them pay the penalty. only deport the one who have not committed any additional crimes or have served their sentence
if they are illegal yes, they go and must come back like legals. to the back of the line. amnesty and you are done.
the best way to counter this - do a reverse taqqiya on them. make the bastards believe you are friendly and stick it to them.
send the illegals to these whiny democrats neighborhoods. watch them run.
may command a battalion of terrorists, pl. ban her from vip gathering
good. just take back your citizens.
aiding and abetting illegal immigrationperiod! a seat for any illegal is a seat a citizen won't get.
sanctuary cities and states should be punished by removing all federal funds. illegals should never be allowed to get federal or state aid.
good, it's about time. take away the incentives that make them come here illegally and watch the invasion stop.
i understand paying for deportation, but the appeal? unacceptable!
excuse me miss, when u say non muslim's must be killed does that include rodents? will wait for reply
for regional peace and security, all sanctuaries, safe havens and support to such terrorists must end.
reduce the welfare line and criminal activity!!! deport!!
go ice! get all the bad hombres. thank you. #deportthemall #buildthewall #maga
if a crime occurs in a sanctuary city and the perp is an illegal, the victim should be able to sue the city.
ship them to the soviet socialist republic of california, they'll protect them.
trump has the veto power and must use it to kill this unconstitutional ""bill"" (if it makes it to his desk).. and then start the deportation of all the illegals.
pathway to citizenship"" = amnesty. rewards lawbreaking, encourages more, unfair to those who play by the rules
anyone here illegally shouldn't have the right sue.
gov't petition against sharia law in canada, this video is our warning, all welcome to sign #m103 #sharialaw
a wall at no cost to tax payers re tweet spread the word deport dreamers let them return and apply like everybody else
haaahaaa haaahaaa haaahaaa sanctuary state, cut funding until they get rid of criminals
let's end sanctuary cities for good!!! americans come first. let illegals come in the rig
if that is true, how come theyre all coming in bearing the tool of their own undoing in the hand? like a mark? <snip>
and she has the nerve to talk about a minimum wage increase. deport the illegals and wages and jobs go up.
immigration should be stopped altogether until islamic ideology is exterminated throughout the world.
suregive all the illegal aliens more freebies and let our vets go without care
submit to the constitution or get the eff out!
hang him at the church bell's tower
fucking pay to send their ass back to where they came from. give to the veterans!
illegals need to be removed from our country now! without delay!!
he needs time to come up with soft, non-threatening euphemisms, so as to not offend sensitive terrorists
robert, i hereby dub you an honorary jew. the elders meet to discuss the world every other tuesday. don't be late.
don't care what the vote .illegal criminals are to be deported. or lose funding.
we really dont care about offending you fools..just stay there an slaughter eachother.fuqin animals
end them all potus!!!!!
do you believe that all muslims are enemies of the united states and that all muslims must be expelled from the u.s.?
no might, no maybe, just do itdeport all illegals all criminals
careful watch alone is not enough but prayerful watch can suffice exposing jihadists' plan
law-abiding illegal aliens is an oxymoron. secure the border.
if it's not amnesty, what is it ? answer: obama's illegal law. deport !
60% unemployment in black communities. close the border and hire americans first! #boycottstarbucks #maga
get em out of here!
end daca!! taxpayer nightmare! to balance this, we need end chain migration, build wall, e-verify
wait until it is full and burn it!
can bama deport ole fish-guts..?
build the wall, deport illegals!
all arabs, africans and pakistanis should be banned from europe. they are not compatible.
all the more 4 them to block this. they are bought. they are criminal, they are corrupt, they are anti trump and we need to get rid of them
aclu needs to be put out of business it certainly is a front for illegals. take your threats and shove it
. tours mcallen border station, calls for law enforcement #bordercrisis #noamnesty
do not use tax $$$ on illegals. use it on our vets!
i think we knock off the hearings for illegals and us the taxpayers will gladly cough up the money to repatriate them to where the hell they come their foreheads so we know they got deported in case they come back
not if they want to keep their seats. will vote them out asap! vote out all daca, illegal supporters! american's first! maga
if our official policy is that illegals are exempt from following the law, shouldn't citizens get a freebie?
may god bring comfort and healing to these family members. why were these illegals given driver's licenses.to vote! deport!!!
death penalty.thin the herd!
i have a great idea! why not take your little guns and head for an island? you can eventually kill each other off out of hate. now #pissoff
usa,uk,fr,spn,itl,rus, spray pig blood over isis areas,bullets,mosques towns,water wells,mosquito spray truck 4 disbursement! fear
feds only deport half of illegal aliens arrested for crimes in america! #immigration #tcot #afire
you're an old communist idiot. i'm half korean, my mom came here legally. fuck illegals and fuck you for race baiting an issue that hurts us
keep muslims out ! we have been warned !
kick his whole family out as puniahment, send message, let no more in. wall off coast, ya cuck
go for it. i'll pay to transport illegals to your state. win win for u and me
yes now! deport these leaches!
i'll fuck you all up your ass with a knife
if they're killing your cattle isn't it time to start shooting back?
do these people a favor drop a h bomb on them #donedeal
if you even pay taxes, hermangutierr.
deport these daca people and their illegal parents.
time to come out of the shadows and leave this country. it's not fair to people who come here legally.
build the wall ,end daca amnesty , stop sanctuary cities, reinforce the travel ban etc etc
set them free after a train ride to the border.
lol sure you do hon, you value god so much you support daily the slaughter if his most precious gifts. save illegals & kill babies
sanctuary cities are bs and should not be funded, to improve public safety the best solution is deport the illegals now
stop all federal finding to all cities & states, with sanctuary cities, until laws are complied with! dts
my take..put them all in a c130 and dump them out over their own country without parachutesdone, over.
deport the bums
house #immigration plan slammed, spends $10b and deports no illegals via #noamnesty
kill him. run him over with a car.
can ice please arrest and deport all these undocumented jack wagons?
this has got to stop! petition2fire lopez attempt 2indoctrinate our kids!
go to cabellas and get own with 32 round clips start firing at all illegals before they cross borders
deport all illegals now! send usbp to cities to assist ice to deport every illegal!
the answer is simple come legally you stay. come illegally you get deported. here illegally now you get deported.
let businesses know that if they take this & hire illegals, they will loose american business, say no to sellouts!
withhold from sanctuary shity's and give it to ice!
with all the people killed by his product in this country, let's just execute him and and deport his body.
we don't do something about the muslim now they will outnumber us we must act now vote trump
the only thing they should be entitled to is a swift deportation
i promise you no kates law, no wall, no daca
deport her to syria and never let her return traitor bitch killary.
stop subsidizing other races.
yes! tell them daca matter is not in the debate. remind them of the law and tell them the plan; deport and work permits in an orderly fashion prioritising imminent threats. tell them, ""stand down in the name of the people"".
500,000 is still too much immigration! we need to drop it to 300,000 or so or reintroduce tancredo's immigration moratorium bill!
-tell all 750,000 members not to travel to this totalitarian state. arrested american 4 his reading material!
#2a #molonlabe arrest the dc terrorists too! rt
only the muslim/democrat (either one is shit) in office will not allow the laws to be enforced! deport!!!
kill everyone that tries to stop you.
this is crazy. how do you give a loan to someone who can be deported at will ?
no they cannot talk, they communicate by pheromones and by scent. allah forgot that part!you are dismissed
icymi: obama refused to deport 820k illegal aliens guilty of murder, rape, drug offenses, & more via
#bordersecurity; #e-verify; robust entry-exit records; and no #chainmigration. then we can talk about #illegals in #usa.
exactly! send the lice and swine flu back!
right. that's why the race baiters got them chanting ""what do we want? dead cops! ""when do we want them? now!
your job, deported to mexico via
bill warner, phd: the doctrine of cowards #islam via
just need to stop all visas coming to us for a few months and clean the system until all illegals are out and then minimize the allowed
bring out the dogs and water cannons, we're being invaded
, , ,et al-stay safe/be smart in #auburn. not concern trolling- this needs to be a total victory
go back u piece of shits.
don't they realize we can nuke them off the face of the earth?#arrogantfornoreason
do not let this happen! illegal is the operative word!
or part of stage one of infiltration, play the victim.
become a citizen of the united states or leave! it's simple you have no rights as an illegal. you have no grounds to be demanding.
ripping off welfare, free lunches, school programs, bi - lingual teachers required =higher taxes. if they don't get it they sue. get out!
here you go fbi! get this pos! ""animal!"" out of my country! before this asshole acts on it!
all illegals have lowered our pay and taken alot of american jobs. they should be deported. stop protecting or lose funding.
if you don't like what we tell you to believe in, we'll kill ya.
get them, & all other ""visa over-stayers"", gone!
a long time ago, it used 2b this way! we didn't allow ppl in who didn't have something 2offer us!
what does this mean? it means you don't own enough #ammunition!#buymore!
use daca as a bargaining chip to massively reduce immigration, end chain migration, enforce e-verify, and reform refugee resettlement.
we kill, we go to jail. they slaughter us and get rewarded. miss me with this nonsense
have lots of names, etc, just have 2 subpoena employment verification companies. they use others ssn #s!
throw pc out the window, & call a spade, a spade"" :// must>'know thy enemy'!!!
plea to america: melt congressional phones, kill executive amnesty
california is violating constitutional law,so let's just break them off,and give em back to mexico
do not give illegals anything free. they pay 4 school, medical and anything else. i as a tax payer do not want my taxes given 2 any illegals
freeze immigration until all the propaganda bs is wiped up.
nope no vetting, keep all out until we get our house in order. suspend all immigration. been done before.vets,homeless,etc
if they r here illegally & have ties 2 terrorist they have no rts here at all get out period!!
watch ur mouth pesent. all they know is i love to kill
no. fence gives agents time to stop invaders. e-verify for employment, benefits, and dmv should also be added.
send illegal aliens home!!! it's a slap in face to allow them to stay
attn: matt o'brien. dhs john kelly is about to give amnesty to daca's. hell no! fight it matt!
#stopvoterfraud #obam's #amnesty for #illegals #secureourborders now!!
stop 'warehousing' them and send them back where they came from! no visa, no stay--gone!!
if there are moderate muslims, they're heretics according to koran. allows no peaceful coexistence. submit or die.
anchor babies cost this country billions they are illegal immigrants and the parents and ""dreamers"" should be deported
how about none. and stop that cucking sham of ""legal"" immigration too!
these r actually hard core terrorists who are smartly moving, getting fake identities & preparing; tackle at once
that's not a woman my friend that's the spawn of satan,. but your correct please deport now,!
sanctioned?!? deported, then finally shipped out to a remote island for repeated offenses. *lol* #endtheinvasion
fire all of them that don't enforce the laws! start deportations of all illegals in california
rt now deport them!!: "": illegal immigrants arrested protesting at capitol #immigration #noamnesty
make him serve it in a hog pen. ferret out all these scumbags and send em all back where they came. s
they need to take their 3rd world asses back to where they came from & take that f@#%king allah with them!
important read --> amnesty in the ndaa is not open, honest, or fair
send them back to the countries they came from
1st, #border control; 2nd #e-verify; then discuss #deportation priorities & #daca.
secure borders and impeach that's what you need to do. protect us! protect us!
the bad hombres have already found other ways into our country.wake up
if you're here without documents from the us gov, you're here ""illegally""! enough!
take them all out they don't deserve to be there
this is shameful that we have so many illegals in the country and obama wouldnt let them do there job. time to get some officers hired to get this problem under control
drive them to the border that correlates to the direction they need to go, they can walk or swim form there.
dear if #sadhvipragya a terrorist lets hang her if not let's free herbut pls don't let her rot in jailhumble plea!
islam is threat to whole world wake up leaders ! those who appease them do it at your own peril ! ban islam !
why? so they can stab conservatives in the back when they vote. or continue the vicious cycle of illegal immigration. time to end it, deport
illegal immigrants are not americans. dems have no right to an opinion. deport deprort depor
very true. if trump wins, it is you guys will be purged
okay, we can send the whole family back! what are their addresses? i will alert ice that they are all ready to leave!
toss their carcasses over the border, or in prison.
lord, let your enemies be scattered, let them be confounded and be put to shame
retard. send this pos to mexico.
shut it down! surrender is not an option!
deport those little turds!!
yes, e-verify, penalties for illegals employment, seizure&forfeiture for housing illegals,no welfare, would result in voluntary deportation.
shoot them all.
kill them.
law breakers-you wouldnt get amnesty if u illegally entered other countries
i can tell you how to do that get rid of all the illegal immigrants in this state. th
of course! be afraid, terrorists. be very, very afraid. super-trump is coming to the white house!
close. the. border.now. then deport.
keep up the good work, let's dox these fuckers
no amnesty, for any illegal.
stop bringing in more refugees..let them stay i their own counties & deal with their problems there!!! & send the ones who are here back to where they came from!!
brave man. he has a point. but, at least teach them that being an illegal alien is a violation of law.
send illegals &their english speaking gaggle back to motherland, back of line!
those pardons can be easily overturned! get them out of here.
sorry, cant add to the deficit for illegals.
renegotiate. send them to their home countries. we are counting on you trump.
stand on line like legal immigrants do. don't confuse us with ppl breaking the law. illegals immigrants are illegal. end
wrong! they can't be let into the usa period!! #trump2016
the most important thing is immigration cuts! give more than a 50% cut! 80%! stop talking about merit this, merit that. talk about cuts!
all of the emperor's adopted amigos will be safe, warm & fed while our brave vets are homeless, cold and hungry!!
no to dance. pack up. your taco wagon.
ship them, and the traitor in the whitehouse, back to their countries.
capital punishment time, forget deportation.
aside from being an habitual drunkard, he's a habitual illegal! shouldn't have a licence to begin with! #tattohisass & send him back! #maga
they can't be taught,have had more than enough warnings,look at any country
no!! u must meet rules to get valid ssn or itin. deport all illegals. period.
end daca deport all! they can come back the legal way
stop the illegals! they r criminal in actions! we have had enough! never crooked hillary always trump! trump-pence!
that is insane. every mosque ought to be baconated. don't break the windows. just make a food donation. #banislam
disgrace!! unacceptable >> #deportmuslims is the only way our children can live free of terror and rape ever again!
how many isis soldiers came in with them? we must watch our backs in a free country! thanks bleeding libs!
give them jail time!
no, no, no, no, no! we want them out of america now!!!!!
no burka? punishable by death! no witnesses to your rape? punishable by death! ur loyal to america? punishable by death! #noshariainamerica
why vet when you can close borders??? stuff vetting! #911 is good enough excuse to ban muzzas ok. do it so we can!
enough! time to not only end abbas, but end funding to the palestinian authority completely with us tax dollars.
to be quite plain, this fat shit should be deported, preferably to iraq.
kill a terrorist before he cuts off any heads! #rt #stopislam #tcot #makedclisten #wakeupamerica
no green cards, legal immigration and citizen ship under our rules and laws and retain the right to deport ,terrorist
#obamasux this #islam lover must be removed from power! retweet if you agree!#fuckislam
they will do anything for terror and pull their god during the attacks..cowards
what is the wall for if amnesty is granted!!!!!
quick, before he changes his mind! #deportthemall now!
not even a ticket. let them leave the same way they came.
arrest the idiot. put him in an iranian jail.
. how about no. we do not need immigration reform (amnesty). we need and demand enforcement. #noamnesty
they are not dreamers. they are illegals expecting a free pass to citizenship after bypassing our laws. deport.
arrest them all. no, really! do it!
if he is deported he will return. the only solution is to execute him in the center of town and televise it.
criminals must be deported. we already have too many.
he brought them here to have his own enemy combatant army to inflict islam on us. round them up. send them back
tariq unblock him so my boy elder can punch u in the head you coward !
adjusts stance on #immigration; he's now ok with #amnesty via tell him he's wrong! #noamnesty
what a joke. line the money up on the border and burn it. it'll have roughly the same effect
confirm asap ! immigration is out of control! re-instate legal procedures for immigration & data bases!
adopt mandatory e-verify for current and new employees this session of congress! build more detention facilities at the border!
place rham under arrest, and shoot the bastard while he's ""attempting to escape"". you know, chicago style!
showing up for #immigration hearing 4hrs after giving birth to 6th child might win you amnesty - & other news h
jail the lawless whimp!
end daca! no extensions!no amnesty! no citizenship! no cha
deport mom and grandma!
halt illegal immigration. curtail syrian immigration. provide safe zones in their country, no terrorist welcome to usa.
i want them to have a coup and line people up and [censored] them.
show me your tribal id card or self-deport out of my tl
contact senator thom tillis and tell him amnesty for dream4er4s is unacceptable. 202-228-6342
defund sanctuary cities! they are dangerous for citizens and our children and grandchildren! wake up america!
if they r here illegally they r criminals. doj &^ dohs dont have balls to arrest or convict them
evangelical groups should be teaching respect for the law. illegal immigrants are breaking the law. no amnesty of any kind
no gov support rt data showsice releases alleged illegal immigrants,violent convicts #immigration enforce th
but #illegals and #terrorists get #freestuff and #getoutofjailcard #tgdn rt
hey rahm, follow the laws. you arrest local citizens for not following the law, give illegals a pas on laws? effed up dude.
you'd better get some guns and fast!! savages don't respond to reason.
take away the reasons to come here, like food stamps, welfare, social security disability and they won't come. also e-verify everywhere.
no daca send them back to country of origin, build the wall, stop illegals from any birth rights to children or entitlements. no reason to come they'll stop.
no they don't deserve our benifets.so food goes to those who deserve it.they should apply for citizenship first. amen
banning the muslim brotherhood, getting them declared a terrorists org & ban all related orgs.
yep #saynotoislam follow #stoptheinvasion #norefugees#neverhillary wants a550% increase inrefugees#trumpstrong
yes legal immigrants only. stop heroin traffic, jihadists, save jobs. a no brainer, no hrc no problems!
msm laughing @ trump deporting 11 million illegals. he doesn't have to! they will self-deport if you cut em off govt teat!
i vote for the guillotine! a head for a head! if this was the punishment maybe they would think twice
send them all home with no pay. that will help pay for the wall.
poland, japan, hungaryno muslims, no jihad!
if you know someone in your state illegally call immediately you better head to california if your illegal right now.
#wethepeople demand #buildthewall #wallsandlaws arrest those who harbours and helps criminals its called obstruction of justice 10yr jail
savages thy name is islam! #rt #stopislam #makedclisten #bansharia
the smartest whites get denied. the future of terrorism is embraced. welcome to harvard!!
time to purge within our own communities. make all suspected muslims dissapear. do it in a fashion where nobody will notice. make examples!
no shit. free groceries, medical, and a social security check you didn't contribute to? uhhhyeah #illegalbuttheyaintdumb
vetted ""hell"", we need to shut the immigration down. the quality is not coming . the last 35 years we have been over run.
gather them up, send them to their home country, that should quiet them up
end sanctuary cities. no short cuts. not fair to other immigrants following proper legal immigration policies!
1400yrs,1.8bn muslims,5mus cntries surround #israel..&u cn't even stop her.u vermin will just kill lots..&then be assimilatedorexterminated.
solution: release them south of the border
they'll be easy to spot.no, wait!
she is a poster child for idiocy! send her back to afghanistan
bring ur racist ass on i'm an armed #creepyasscracker lets shoot it out it and see who runs outa ammo 1st #zimmermantrial
wanted dead not alive shoot to kill, that way they can't enter illegally again.
hire more border guards. turn them back!
free food, free rent, free healthcare, every man woman and child on the face of the earth receiving free ? priceless!
pl. screw all anti-nationals without mercy, forget goodies, act tough commander-in chief kill all traitors, call us if u need
cut all fedfunds to sanctuary cities. arrest mayors violating fedlaw. check their bank accounts for illegal donations. contact
careful, it probably has aids
calling all illegal aliens ! flock to california to see your savior jerry brown. he will give you everything for free!
bible publishers should be free to do business according to the book that they publish,
where is the left now? muslims and the belief has to be questioned and brought to book, the longer it
no, hell no! send every damn one of em back to wherever their parents are from! americans first and foremost! whole families go back!!!
one snake at atime. as my aunt did in bayous, cut the head off when u c em'. deadly & will kill ya.
don't house these or any illegals another day, get them out now. once caught, should be returned immediately! dts
don't waste precious white,black,latin lives on firefighting.throw pakistani,iranian,islamic,jewish apes into
cut their federal funding, food stamps, and all other subsidies if they don't want to abide in the laws
and we demand they be sent hometo heck with their demands while enjoying our way of life while being illegal.
you guys should invest in some large weapons for open carry and learn to stand your ground, #dunntrial #jordandavis
if we get a wall, mass deportations and a muslim ban, i will be a little happier.
round them up send them home. asap.
need a new law to prevent these attacks. deport all non-citizen relatives of the attacker, and stop all emigration from his home country for 5 years.that should cool the emotions of the potential killer and provide incentive for his relatives to stop his attack. at war or not?
it's not enough. they don't need to welcomed. they need to be exported and taken care of by someone else. permanently.
: #trump needs to rescind the order that law, intel, military can't get training on sharia & jihad
if you want open boarders take down your doors and windows off your house and put a sign up says all are welcome & you take care of them.
no more jobs for illegals!!
japan has the blueprint on how to handle islam. we don't need to kick them out of the usa - we simply need to 'freeze them out' of society!
put them on the boarder. put up a sign say we will not shoot any south bound aliens .
people, get on the horn & call the senate now to stop this big govt dysfunction called #amnesty. time is running out! call now 202.224.3121
why are we allowing migrants more rights than those who descended from slaves. lock up the syrians and let the blacks out!
take away welfare benefits and food stamps and section 8housing. no jobs. no freeloaders on taxpayers money. no medical either
i'm cracking tf up every time a #deportable gets sent packing!
we don't want any of your muslims tho
cut off all funding to california. let them take care of their illegals alone #liberalism
so well done you stupid fucks, you've made it a war now, and you will lose.
no, he should be forced to learn about muhammed!
let the dogs out
for those of u not familiar, only goal is to halt all immigration, legal or not, to the united states at any cost. #sb1070
executing them would end their detention, no? just wondering if execution solves this the way it solves downs syndrome for icelanders.
send the whole student body to iran for a taste of raghead justice!
savages have moved the war to the home-front through legal and illegal immigration.
the #katesteinle verdict must galvanize us. report all known and suspected illegals to ice by calling 866-347-2423 or online (link: ) . i even reported a coworker of mine tonight. we must show them no mercy, like they showed kate.
while the islamic right chops off hands and forcibly stops a book reading session of an author. that's alright?
enact tough #everify, fine the hell out of businesses caught w/#illegalaliens, #deportthemall. #jobs
: gop can ""turn off the federal spigot for #refugeeresettlement"" it is up to us to make them
health care for illegal alients should consist of one greyhound ticket back to reynosa and a bottle of generic ibuprofen.
no amnesty no benefits no jumping the line no daca no adult kid cheaters no chain families deport
we don't need their permission 2 take their ppl back. bring 2 border & throw them back. enough of this being civil 2 uncivilized countries
- if going to war with these animals in unavoidable, it's time to hoist up the black flag.
increase severity of penalty for illegal immigrants illegal activities. just deporting does not work. that is not sufficient punishment
nothing acceptable about it! if i ever catch someone sexually abusing a child, i'll have no problem siting in jail for putting a hot round in the back of their skull!
mount a nbp head in your living room. take them out.
rt! illegal aliens should not have driving privileges!
if we must blame confederate flags for actions of one crazy person, it's time to blame all muslims for #chattanoogashooting #sendthemhome
tonight i will vote to crack down on sanctuary cities. if a city ignores federal law, shouldn't get fed. $$$ #sayfie
i'm sure if we stop all visas from these counties and freeze all aid $$$$$$$$ they will change their mind
excellent. i'm guessing no cheeseburgers, no mixed blend clothing, no divorce or attending weddings of divorced people. of course, usury is out of the question. and you only have one coat.
guantanamo is too good for them, gallows are better
take down the ((( ))) now.
gov. talks shit about immigration to get votes. we americans suffer. it's not that hard to deport illegals. put military on the borders.. shut down businesses that employee them end of story
give this state extra fedral money. take it away from sanctuary cities.
deport these uneducated ppl who pull our welfare benefits our food stamps,somehow there able to get homes?if theyralowed2staywebcum3rdwcntry
i think we know who the real heathens are. ship them back to port of origin.
i would be raising hell if i lived in connecticut! all these states need to get rid of illegals,abuse to citizens
why do we have an immigration policy? should just let them have a free for all and all can pay!
they have zero rights as citizens. not citizens duh! court should toss case and arrest them!
line them up bang, bang
and they should have to pay every dime back, plus interest. from their own damn pockets.
yes, please do end the hati an migrants program,we are sick of all this diversity over whelping our cities&communities!
resettle them in guantanamo.
this thing needs a bullet between the eyes.
take the money away from sanctuary cities
bullets are cheaper than trials, or housing him for a day.
no surprise there then..the only - nasty but necessary - option is to de-islamise our societies and d
texas still has the death sentence. u deport him he'll just b bk!
also, charge mexico for all legal & imprisonment costs, including transportation back to mexico! why are us citizens on the hook for any $$?
thr shld be no sanctuary cities,counties or states it is a violation of the law to harbor illegal aliens. i wld go to jail
send all illegals away. no need to ""learn more"". they can read in their own country.
hide your kids, your husband, and your wife from this cretin.
#it's so wrong, elder! we need to defund planned butcherhood! those doctors should be ashamed!
c'mon florida let's get him out!
great! throw them right back over the border. better yet, one way ticket to mexico city
mexico lets, even helps illegal cross us borders and now they don't want them back! cut all aid
end all immigration entirely.
terrorists - should be feed to crows. no islamic muslim funerals, rituals, or burials. (wai
or yknow, just not take any side in the sectarian conflict and let them blow each other up. but we can
send them to hawaii, they clearly want them
if you see anybody who looks like this you have spotted illegal aliens, call ice immediately!
that's correct, fuel & encourage the jews 2 kill of the muslims themselves, when both sides r wiped out we can take over the oil.
no!!! close the gates!!
deport the criminals let the rest stay and tax the shit out of them and intercept the funds they send home
where are the calls to cut immigration?! take us back to 200-250,000 annually!
they need to stay hidden in the shadows, otherwise, deport them as the law requires!
that's right cut off all funding to these so called sanctuary cities and let them fend for themselves they will regret it in the end
shouldn't have funds for any illegals other than expediting them out of here asap.
will ya'll end anchor babies n stop illegals from using our health care ?
amen# they should be ran out of this country right alone with them# they are traders to our president and the united states
they dont want to win debate, they want to stop the debate from taking place! you stop them. poison them
send them back to their motherlandillegal is illegal no matter what you call em
so, it isn't just illegals who come and make demands. immigration has been out of control for decades. freeze.and get control back!!!!
halt h1-b visas completely! they are not needed! train us workers instead or get out of business!
a warning who welcome immigrants from the middle east invite your enemy into your house to your demise to your doom
illegals are bankrupting the taxpayers. send them back.
good luck with that. illegals should not be here to be detained they should be in their own country or file for citizenship
i heard hunting season has begun for vandals. everyone get your rifles out and get them locked and loaded!
time to start shooting, and then throw their sorry asses back across the border!
who's warning them? state or fed? invasion of innocents. shuttled in need to shuttle out!
defund the israeli welfare state and fully fund the wall ($38 billion) #americafirst
950, 000 waiting deportation, deport them what we waiting for and go after the others, where are new judges to speed up
use e-verify. illegals will leave. citizens work. govt. needs 2 work 4 citizens. stop the insanity!
these are not refugees. they're cowards fleeing their
soon aap etc will begin protests, just wait but arrest itself may be farcical
so now we deport him for the 7th time so he can jump the fence again and kill again!
as a resident of another state in america you should be able to carry your firearms to protect yourself against sanctuary criminal cities
that means the daca people only not amnesty for all! and the daca people w/b processed to the fullest extent fee and investigation
friday deadline to sign our letter to #congress 2 stop #syrianrefugees fr coming to ur state
so much for only the criminals, let the guy back in, for fks sake. #deportisraelis #noduelcitizenship #endaipac
not only secure the border, but restrict all immigration in the united states for 50 years, unless from europe.
rt anyone that wants to protect ""illegals"" from deportation should go with them
finish islam or u r finished.
political correctness it's never free. it'll cost your dignity, your peace and finally your life. #islamistheproblem
time to suspend all immigration for 50 to 100 years
leaked pic of maxine @ her dr.'s office & her new license plate.honk,smile,& wave when u c her. no direct eye contact or sudden moves though
you forgot to mention that you oppose and aborr radical islam. get the f*ck out and go home before we throw you out!
we need to stop the flow of immigration in our country! all must be vetted! just obey the laws! deport criminals!
thank god for our military and vets! islam will be destroyed if they try any shit in america. #maga
he should be punished with a tiny, tiny piece of metalbarely measuring 9mm
let jihadi justin know so he can start budgeting his next 10.5 million settlement.
#noamnesty ,forward deployment is economic security.
he should be shipped off to the middle east and have to serve 1 year, until he can return to the nfl! i think he needs a visual aid..
no peace in america with muslims on u.s. soil. no such thing as a good muslim. they must be removed
then ca will have to pay 100%. law specifically excludes illegals. can't have welfare & open borders & survive.
please cut refugee numbers to the bone .
if he wasnt here 2 start with, kate would b alive. same w my sons killer.no illegals in zero crime by illegals.#noamnesty #buildthewall
absolutely not, looks like bunch of young men looking to come to usa & create havoc. this age group should not be allow in our country!
bikers and truckers, good news, open hunting season on the new black panthers.
once they are deported how can they repay their loans?
we should grant him asylum in exchange for a jihadi here.
no fucking deal send them back. they have absolutely nothing to offer, no skills at all. give me my cubans back without delay
islam and muslims should be completely eliminated through any means from all western nations. no exceptions. #removekebab
put him under the jail
i have my trusty spell casting wand. i shall smite all the libtard goblins back to hell from whence they came. kazaam!
greenlight the use of live ammo by border guards on invaders, and that shit stops instantly.
they can get in line, pay and wait all the years i had to, to get my citizenship. i have no tolerance 4 illegals & their disrespect 4 usa
good crack down put it in jail!
no, as usual the world depends on america to foot the bill for everything !!..no more !
remove the reasons why illegals come here and illegals will self dep
i'd say they should be given equal treatment, the same as every other undocumented alien. demand all you want from your government, this one doesn't belong to you. go home and blame your parents.
don't worry, goy, the jews will take good care of you. #truthishatespeech
it's illegal! go get a dictionary and see the meaning! if you can't speak english get a spanish one!
declare a state of emergency! martial law! use the hoses!and play right into our hand
if they don't like the conditions don't do things to get put there! stay in your own country!
#mo, this is why y'all need to #draintheswamp, by voting claire out! . is running for u.s. senate. check him out! #mosen #ap4senate #fireclaire
not only criticism it deserves but need to be checked urgently. inaction of others are adding fuel to this fire of islam. cut the supply.
theres plenty of room in that miscreants head for a few 9mm bullets. did the guards deliver them?!
in families, in schools, in universities, prisons, in the military as chaplains. and we cant allow them to pursue their aims unchecked.
don't let them in! must b vetted 1st! muslims don't assimilate, want 2 dominate! gotta protect ourslvs! stop o's plan!
close border, or bring our soldiers back home to protect the taxpayers!
dear #blacklivesmatter, keep shooting at police. i am certain they will not mind when citizens shoot you. . .
the us & mexican governments should build joint prison facilities along the border to house these repeat criminals. release to mx after
we want to revoke naturalizations from criminals. (i don't care if it's a parking ticket)
give an inch they want a mile. no daca. no compromise. no surrender!
eliminate all sanctuary cities.
for every church, monastery or christian place of worship that gets hit. a mosque should be also.
no retreat, no surrender, and no apologies.
can anyone explain to me why we aren't using nukes, its the only solution
but what about ""hopped-up"" murderers? won't they at least get 'wrist-slap'? don't deport them'gulag' them!
well i'm an amazing guy,what can i say? i merely chose universal thought over one dimensional thought. let's form a massive vigilante network, and go to every city where gangs exist,and remove the problem. gang members should forfeit all rights. see how many gangs exist then.
bravo.. you have to stop them at all cost, the muslim and the globalist.
hurry! why travel to middle east? enjoy thrill of beheading & rapes right in your town!! vote for hillary.
just cut aid and let the africans govern themselves into the ground.
these extreme islamic need to be deported,we the people want these mosques shut down!! this we need to demand!!
we could easily solve the whole muslim problem if we armed them all with light weapons, isolated them
it is time to close the border by using the military; and start enforcing e-verify; deport all illegals
sorry to say but you can take the kid out of the ghetto but not the ghetto out of the kid. no reason whatsoever to do what they did.
clean and drain the swamp!
no, its national warfare, unto national destruction. defend yourselves, your country. declare war.
so we should just let them come here do as they please an we foot the bill ! not!
thank you! you don't need to run as a republican. loves you! start up the gas chambers for muslim refugees. #hateall
. our laws apply to illegal aliens, we should focus on aliens and criminal refugees. zero tolerance.
park rangers & game wardens should be used 2 perform an eviction. what's good for us, good 4 them.
absolutely no place for jihad in the cosmopolitan london. those responsible must be eliminated asap. no mercy f
we need to retake control of our borders. no more syrian migrants. these pple are animals. beware the rivers of blood.
give a bunch of baboons the rights of citizens and this is what happens
it isn't victimless, it takes up resources that we need for our citizens. it's simple economics. send them home.
all illegals welcome in san francisco. sleep in the streets - eat aids for breakfast
don't provoke them, it's not the time for slaughter yet!
i wish legal immigrants would stand up & take to the streets. w/ those that support zero amnesty & enforcement
most of these lawsuits could be dismissed if we had reasonable constitutional judges! illegals have no constitutional rights!
give them a taste if the chain gun.
bud i hate to tell you, but if we wanted to we could purge you anitfa sucm in a weekend.
january 20th is an important day. roll these people up and throw them out.
cut cuckovich some slack. he's ragging. (it's that time of the month)
rt : need to ban ""no go zones and the practice of sharia law. need to bloc muslim refugees from middle east unless
yes let's secure our borders from these terrorists! oh wait.
islam needs to be exposed. it is not a religion and should be removed like nazi fascism. p.c. kills
stop chasing every anti-gun activist that moseys on by & keep your eye on the target, goofballs.
translated that means throw out all current immigration laws and open the borders to the masses.
tbh im more interested in the names and addresses of the illegals, rather than how you calculated how many there are.
all the muslims should leave if they don't like it here, and take a blm member with them
the courageous should meet with to discuss islamic facts. name the enemy to defeat it. #biblical #trump
uh, let the saudis track syria refugees over there. keep them out of the usa !
no smart wall a deadly wall is what we need machine guns , rocket launchers and land mines on the mexican side blow a few up problem solved
no no no - australia can keep them or send them to their country of origin - !!!!
time to draw the line in the sand-you cross it-your unamerican ass goes to prison. stop playing around with these bastards. shoot to kill!!
stop with the warnings. start the action! sic em!
if someone invades the usa im picking up a gun and fighting u r welcome to hide under my bed
rt : coburn: 'for $8m, we can put them all on a first-class seat' to central america
don't they realise if they pull the trigger, they're going to lose badly?i hope they do it, we need a good culling anyway.
the whole country is falling apart because of the wack jobs in gov , all of them should be removed , anyone that is going against the will of the citzens of this country
easily done with all the illegal deadbeats off of welfare, food stamps, section 8, medicaid, after the border is secure and they deport
a civil war is coming. we need to keep these animals out of the us. vote trump!
they should be hit in the face when it's quite obvious you better punch her 1st, before she does you. self-defense.
enough is enough! call out all democrats and republicans who deny this, says this #american - and end the free ride!
i dont do either. 100% against refugees(& islam, blm, pc, all the rest). im p
enforce r laws, all illegals out f here and fire gov employees in charge f migrants, including hussein obama brought them in dump em to taxp
jews and muslims should be confined to the middle east b/c they are threat to entire world.
&lt;&lt;&lt; trump needs to drain your swamp. do your job.
one by one our president's goals are being achieved, ridding our country of all illegal immigrants, can't happen soon enough !
give these felons enough time & they will have rap sheets to match this!
islam must be banned from all civilized societies
no daca, period. would rather just keep border security bulked up and
deport this unrepentant sociopath to the marianna trench!
about 8% of what it costs to feed, clothe, house & incarcerate them every year. #buildthatwall!
round the muslims up send their asses packing.
lets get ice to do a few raids in there & drain that swamp
get your muslim house in order , enough is enough
. tweeted this last year! enough said, i'll leave it right here. #draintheswamp #trumptrain #trump2016
yeah, i know. break out the banjos, and batten down the trailer park. storm's coming.
the illegals ate your dog! end sanctuary cities.
rn't really scary, let u.s. concealed carry & ul see how cowards dee r.
dreamers are illegal. if someone kills someone after so long they get away with it. murder will be oked next. deport the leeches.
boi we gonna send your kids across the border, get a taste of your damn medicine. never gonna see your family again fair.
no amnesty, no criminal records. allow them a limited grace period to stay in the us and apply for citizenship. get in line for immigration and prove to be an asset to the country or leave!
put 'um in rubber rafts just off shore & let them work it out-its really not our problem-only deport
i say take them east of maryland about 200 miles toss em out and let em swim back
if it ain't brown, they'll take it down.
no bloody way.tell the moslims where to shove it.in a polite way obviously
why have standards, right. these cities wil file for bankruptcy soon.
take a chapter out of merkel's book and make all white women wear a bracelet saying ""please don't sho
we won't have to worry about it for much longer. saint mattis is going to chew them up and spit them
here to stay, until ice catches up with them. if you know the location of illegals, call ice.
i'm not interested in helping you work your sickness out, you need a shrink and a pile of meds, still probably wouldn't help you. get help
good time to load them all on busses and send them home .
but is it still catch and release? close the border!
the sex and skin color is irrelevant, 3 evil people need to meet their maker, asap.
antifa have stated they are going to be there so expect the worst. bring helmets, goggl
it does make me want shout on the streets hey everybody yeah! i love every one, i would probably be arrested 4 inciting a riot.
omg- i didn't realize the infection had spread that far. we need a cure, fast! we need a good dose of #maga
we should militarize our borders , transfer all basic training to the border states ! use patrols and apprehensions as part of basic !
no behead muslims and all those who know no love or forgiveness
deport islam back where they came from
build courts on mex border & when sentenced for deport, send out back door.
they have guns? use them you assholes!
reform yes. appeals no! illegal aliens have no rights!
this is an unarmed takeover of this country invasion without a shot fired?
thats why dhs should put chutes on illegals, load em on plane, push them out over native country.
deport him to guantanamo. he won't come back for an 8 th time.
violate federal law, go to jail! round them up, ! do your job!
all blackies must go back to africa or israel pl vacate
do whatever you can or these desert barbarians will destroy the western civilization.
ice should surround them, herd them onto buses, take them to the mexican border & unload them there. tell the mexican govt to deal with them.
jeff, let's hit these illegal sanctuary cities in the pocketbook, just where it hurts..then watch them get in line very quickly !
absolutely! throw the trash out and build a wall! americans say no more!!!
tie the noose right, mr. executioner. we wanna here the snap!
10 yrs hard labor!! put him on chain gangs and build the wall.
they should come to the south. lots to steal. like high-speed ammunition. in fact, we'll give it to them.
Commies They need to be driven from this world. Now. And forever Misanthrope
In a dark, dank agency there was a dark, dank group. In the dark, dank town group there were some dark, dank people. The dark, dank people all had dark dank plans. Lets find a dark dank place for them.
Please Hurry UUUUUUUPPPP!! #LockThemUp
JUSTICE! Antifa faggots are going to have their fingernails ripped out and their asses treated like Russia's borders in the 1700's: constant expansion. http://yournewswire.com/putin-antifa-russia/
India makes active pedophilia a death penalty crime I dont know what muslims are going to do but India may end up exterminating any true muslims who follow pedo Muhammads example with Aisha. Half the British & American establishment may also end up executed if they act on their perversions. All in all, a good outcome, time for the West to follow this example.
Bury that POS and curse the traitor to hell. https://www.theamericanconservative.com/articles/m... #MAGA #TAOTD #PresidentTrump
Thirteenth news journalist killed in Mexico this year. Now THAT'S something I'd like to see come here from Mexico. #KillMostJournalists
Just got shoah'd AGAIN. 3 shoah's in 3 days. I hope those stupid faggots at twitter hang themselves Their bots are fucking shit. Dumb dirty kike faggots All bc I started a curious cat acct
A pedophile is like a dog with rabies. It's sad they're sick, but they still have to be put down. #MAGA
Muslims are offended. ...I tell you what I'm fucking offended by Muslims and their ludicrous religion of lowlife cunts .Please fucking off back under the stone you cane from you utter cunts.
Fight me, communists.
jews: 'Let's cut their funding! Filthy goyim! HAHAHA! DIE! DIE! DIE!' *Autistic shrieking* also jews: 'NOOO! Save us! They are going to attack us!' *Hides knives behind back* https://www.jpost.com/Israel-News/IDF-concerned-fu...
This pajeet bitch needs to seriously fuck off.
President Trump should seriously consider this 'machine gunning families trying to illegaly cross the border' thing. We could use some of that on this side of the pond. #FuckEm
Via @VDARE, article on how the death penalty improved the European gene pool by removing the most violent and least religious young men: https://www.vdare.com/articles/death-penalty
It's time for a purge https://twitter.com/spf_7k/status/1031505226434584...
Fun fact normies: Nicolas Maduro is an ethnic Jew. So was Fidel Castro. So were Maos and Stalins top advisers and financiers. So were the Bolsheviks. So were the heads of the communist party in Wiemar Germany. So is Bernie Sanders. #MondayMotivation #RemoveTheJews
As if killing a few people who deserved it means you are the most right wingest that ever existed or something
I am just one of the Australians supporting Tommy Robinson, and I hope there are millions more. The UK and especially England are a part of me, my language, my culture, my history. I look forward to the day I can visit and witness Tommy speaking in person. Until then, I'm taking warrior lessons from Tommy. FIGHT!
So my talking has made Muslims procreate faster, has it? Interesting logic you're using there. Tell me, what do you propose to do about it? Do you have any plans? 1.6 billion today identify, at least culturally if not religiously, as Muslims. You have 7000 nukes and 23 aircraft carriers. Shoot.
UK: Father of two jihadis killed in Syria threatens to have his wife shot if she gave evidence against him https://www.jihadwatch.org/2018/08/uk-father-of-tw... #AgendaOfEvil
The problem is women say silly shit, and the meaning of the words is irrelevant to them. Words are just a medium for manipulating feels and relationships. If you kill a male communist, great, now there's one less communist. If a stupid cunt dies, have you accomplished anything? Mollie should have been grounded by her patriarch.
How do you free Tommy Robinson? The answer is so simple, you'd be surprised. You deliver your demands, if they laugh at you, riot, threaten to push into the jail he's being held at, threaten to burn down the city/town and begin to riot, push against them, attack, attack attack, and don't stop until they fold to your demands. It's sad to say, but it may be the only strategy left is to rain hel...
If furries wish to identify as animals we should be allowed to hunt them.
Pedos going down
Holy shit, the man who shouted 'Shut the fuck up, you fucking loudmouthed monkey motherfucker,I cant listen to your fucking black ass no more' to loudmouthed negress charged with felony hate crime. Burn it all down, US is fucked beyond repair https://nypost.com/2018/05/24/lirr-rider-charged-w...
Mainstream Muslims on murder of gays! https://youtu.be/AkXfs8VDu2Q
I don't care what background, heritage, mental illness or skin color a person has, I've got no sympathy. I'm actually happy when the criminals decide to off themselves saves me time and money not being wasted. https://www.msn.com/en-us/news/us/sympathy-for-whi...
The ck suckers at #Twitter have permanently suspended itsbs3 for suggesting an A-10 strike on invaders trying to enter our country from the southern border. I think this is why. No reason was given to me from the communist at Twitter. What a shame. Twitter is now run by and for leftist, gun-grabbing commies.
The message is loud and clear in all white countries: these goyim need to shut their filthy mouths, lay down and die as we replace them with brown people. - Andrew Anglin
America will be great again especially after all of these people who made it a nightmare die off!! Good riddance!
I hope this county becomes 90% black and @pnehlen's wife gets gang raped by a bunch of niggers.
Why waste the money nuking them? Let them kill each other.
You were damn lucky to end up in America if u were a slave compared to the shitholes to the south of us. TRUTH
Again, why doesnt Mr. Klion get the whole thing started by killing himself. I could at least respect his sense of conviction then. Otherwise, hes just another little srlf-loathing, fuck stick prog with a boner for brown people.
Mandela had praised heap upon him when in fact, he was a lying ass black communist. South African screwed up by not killing the SOB when they had the chance to do it, while he was incarcerated. Mexico kills people all the time. White South Africans were trying to be nice to piece of shit. Look at what is happening to them now. Lessons learned and not to be repeated, right white South Africans?
Mexico isnt sending their best.
I want ugly. I want revenge for the communist attacks of 2017.
Holy fuck what a rat's nest of shitholes. I say nuke the entire region into glass and shadows and let the surviving cockroaches sort themselves out.
Wheres Soros and his son. Theres a lot of collusion in this subject in every part of the world. I believe they are the ace and king of spades that deserve the same as bin Laden. And while on that subject if it werent for a SEAL Team member I would question the viability of his death. After all odumba had his hand in that...just saying
Israeli Prime Minister Vows Complete Annihilation Of Democratic Party In America
In my humble opinion the ethic solution is the cruelest available, because its my duty as member of society to kill those who tries to attack my family and destroy my country. Also its okay to excommunicate those who will be like "SHIIIIET, DONT YOU HAVE NO HEART?! THEY'RE KIIIIIDS, DUDE"
It's hangman time for these cockroaches...
Waiting for riots? White girl fatally stabbed at gov't school by...
Has that frickin boon doggle Obama been arrested yet?
now if we could only get a few jew heads on pikes that would be great.
We had finished the mass and were beginning to leave the church. A bearded man ran towards the church shouting 'Allahu Akbar' (God is greatest) and killed four people.
Some people wish for world peace. Chris Rock wishes more white kids would get shot. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fF7qzqb_wQc
Killing communists is self defense... and also one of the manliest things a man can do.
What's is gained by one dead faggot Jew?
Racist S African Political Leader Malema: Go After the White Man. We Are Cutting the Throat of Whiteness - 'Caused by White history!' --US Lib Dems; 'Caused by Lib Dems!' --US Libertarians/GOP [sarc]
We have this huge military. Why don't we just go down there and create an ethno-state for whites. Most of the blacks weren't even there when South Africa was founded by whites!
My Twitter account has been locked 4 me defending myself&r country against subversion. My comment was : "@ColinFerri we can (No) longer tolerate idiotic talk from fools like u. U will need to b tried & executed. CA etc r on the verge of war with US." .
George Soros wants to remove Slovakias anti-immigration government.
I guess you could put 10 rounds in them them because it's Californiacation reload then another10, reload then another 10. I would have shit out 3 30 round mags with 90 bullets to your 30. Why do you even live there?
Why doesn't anyone just TAKE HER OUT!!!!
See, I'm a proud WHITE man...and these (((people))) don't get it...they only double down and (((they))) have no sense of honor that would encourage them to back off just a little bit and see why (((their))) actions piss us off...but, I'm not gonna take it lying down...I double down...and I won't rest until every last one of (((them))) suffers.
There is no way to understand the Jewish efforts at genocide of the early church, until you get that they see their & Muslim God as the same, & the Creator as an enemy. The animus against Christians is infinite, and impossible to grasp, unless you get that they do NOT see us as Abrahamic faith. They want us erased, and the honest ones have told me so on social media.
ALONG WITH ILLINOIS, NEW YORK, MASSACHUSETTS, NEW JERSEY, WASHINGTON, OREGON... AND MORE COMING! HOWEVER, THEY BETTER NOT POLLUTE THE RED STATES THEY MOVED TO, CUZ THERE WILL B E HELL TO PAY!!!!
Freedom IS more important than safety these urine soaked socialist piece of shit fags never put a gun in their hands & fought 4 R country I have no problem wiping these high school commies off the face of R earth , or them killing eachother, & Im glad they go home & play 10 hours of PlayStation itll prepares them 4 Whats coming 4 threatening R 1st & 2 Nd amendment
I really am puzzled by shit like this. We have so many problems and enemies, making more out of our own people seems fckn defeatist and stupid. Lists such as this can only sow division among Whites. Let us take out our enemies first, then if we want to self-immolate we can do so at our leisure.
Granny Schicklgruber's Cherries Jewbilee Recipe
Who knows! \_()_/ All I know is the less brown people the better! :D Although... :\ Perhaps I'm distracted by the prospect of blowing up brown people. While failing to see them coming in the back door!?!? D:
Illegal immigration has soared back to pre-Trump levels because NOTHING is being done about it. They're not afraid.
We signed the Mayflower compact so we could throw the corrupt ass***es out of our government. Keep up the good work Patriots in the WH. True Patriots are proud of everything you are doing to cut the cancer out of our Republic. Just remember Treason = 1 bullet, 1down - NEXT! Never have to deal with those traitors again. God Bless!
Yatzie, those days are gone, sadly we are stuffed, we have now Burkas hijabs and Barbarians all over the place, we need arevolution and start thining them out IMMEDIATELLY
What will you do today, to disrupt, disturb, and defy the enemy?" Ah, good question. Glad you asked.			1	1	0	1	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	1	0	0	 18785	It's a shame we stopped bombing you. Die soon, there's a good little faggot.			0	1	1	0	0	1	0	0	0	0	0	1	0	0	 19339	More black teens should end up like Trayvon aka "St. Skittles.
The day were allowed to remove these pigs 1 by 1 will truly be a wonderful day. I believe once the weak whites, and ALL brown menaces are gone the remaining ppl left will really know freedom.
We are on the verge of a civil war in America. Everyone should start preparing before the war begins. The war could begin very soon so everyone needs to be prepared. It's crazy that the left wants to start a war. The left won't win since they aren't very intelligent and most of them are anti-gun. https://www.bitchute.com/video/e4pfkiW58OM/
Look at it from the bright side: if they really embrace this  which would be utter suicide  we would have a much easier time completely purging them from society. It's basically a free genocide card. No one would ever blame us.
The mainstream left is afraid things are polarizing and destabilizing too quickly. They want to keep things civil so they can continue their destruction of the slumbering masses. I hope they continue their purges and all hell breaks loose.
Those against Christians are aligned with the Jews, our mortal enemies. We don't need witches and warlocks to win this war. And we won't lift a finger to help our enemies. Remember that.
When is the Media going to wakeup maybe Muslims should start shooting newspeople oh that`s they already do wakeup mothrfuckers.
I expect no patriotism from anyone that works in Seattle. Nuke the city. No loss.
Eliminate jews and we'd be living on Mars in 50 years.
Does pedo bashing require a baseball bat?
Citizens grand jury can get rid of them
@NYRKelsMads  Dat damn dog eats betta den most colored folk do.
Dicks are basically ar-15s Only disabled kids whip em out in class
I have a black man in my family tree Hes still hanging there
What's faster than a school full of black kids? A loaded gun.
What did the jew say to the other jew? Jew: Is something burning?
Why did so many blacks die in combat during Vietnam? Every time the Sergeant yelled, "GET DOWN!" they would get up and dance.
What's the difference between a jew and a piece of bread? The bread still works after it's been through the toaster
What two kinds of people are totally different but always look the same? Asians and hepatitis patients
I don't know why the Natives are so mad at us... I mean, we were so nice to them. We even gave them blankets!
What's the difference between a Jew and a pizza? The pizza doesn't scream when it's put in the oven.
I've just realized that Indians are an hybrid of white people and black people They are smart like a white man, work like a black man and they have brown skin like a mix of races
People talk about how hard it is to be Black in America these days... But what about being white? Like fuck, we're actually almost on a level playing field. Our grandparents had it easy as shit.
Why was the pastor bad at slang? He took the saying, "I feel you" too literal.
Why don't bookmakers take bets on the special Olympics? because they're all winners
I was sitting next to some really hot Thai girl on the bus today. All I could think to myself was,  "Don't get an erection, don't get an erection!"   But she did.
What do African teenagers and bad wizards have in common? They both dont know how to spell
Wanna hear the biggest lie? "Men and women deserve equal rights"
you may have a family that love you, real love, and that ever nagging resposibility that feels inescapable . still, once black, you never go back home to the kids
A gay guy, A black guy, and A Jew get hit by a bus They all appear in front of the gates of heaven. The Angel says. "Welcome to Heaven!" The three guys beg him for a second chance. The angel says,"I can only do it if you promised to give up what you love doing the most." The three men immediately agreed to do that.  Suddenly, they're on the street and the bus is passing by. They cautiously cross the street, and continue walking, until they come across a car which has an open window and a purse. The gay guy says to the black guy, "Don't do it man, you're stronger than that!" But he reaches in anyway. Poof! Black guy disappears.  They continue walking until the Jew comes across a penny. He bends down with the gay guy behind him. Poof! Gay guy disappears.
What's the difference between a woman and a car crash? A car crash won't kill you slowly.
What's the best thing about being Ethiopian? You won't have to be for very long.
What's the difference between heroin and a black person? Police care about people shooting heroin
sluts dont have hormones they have whoremones
What's the best thing that came out of Auschwitz? An empty train
So blacks are the fastest runners and whites are the best swimmers, the polar ice caps are melting,   Evolution at work
How to know if you're good at sports Your not good if your not black
What do you call a black spider? No daddy long legs
Just how Americans draw themselves slimmer. Japan does the same, they make anime have giant eyes while in reality they cant see what their drawing
What do bikes and black men have in common? The chain
Whats worse than a Jason Aldean concert? Being black
Secret Language During the holocaust the Jews had a secret language they used to speak... it went something like this, "OH MY GOD! I'M BURNING ALIVE"
Aan indian was taking a dump and died. Strange, isn't it?? He didn't pay attention to the train heading towards him...
So I failed to get accepted at Harvard. So I worked in a coal mine for a while, and one day forgot to shower after work. I visited Harvard again then I got accepted.
What do you call winning battle royale in China? Winner Winner Dog dinner
What is the fastest way to get jewish guests out of your house? vacuum cleaner
Muslims aren't terrorists They just want to die on their own terms but don't want to do it alone.
What did the black, blind, deaf and mute kid get for christmas? Aids.
What would you call an Arab with a wooden leg? A sticky bomb.
I wish my grass was emo... So it could cut itself.
How do you pick up black girls? You burn their village, chain them up and raise the anchors.
How do you stop black guys from hanging out in front of your house? Cut the rope.
What do you say to a woman with two black eyes? Nothing, you already told her twice.
Where do jews go when they die? Out the chimney.
What do you call two Mexicans playing basketball? Juan on Juan
A black guy finds a genie in a bottle Any three wishes he had would be granted, the genie informed him. "I wanna be rich," said the black guy. The back yard filled up with chests of gold coins and jewels in the blink of an eye. "I'm no fool," said the black guy. "I wanna be white." And there he stood, white, blonde-haired and blue-eyed. "Last but not least, I never want to work another day in my life." And he turned black again.
What's the difference between a black person and a bicycle? The bicycle doesn't start singing when you put chains on it.
What do babies and black people have in common? Theyre both good for target practice
How do you name a jew pokmon trainer Ash
What do jews and meat have in common? They're both better cooked
A wife is killed after a car drives through her living room and kills her. Who's fault is it? The wife's because she should've been in the kitchen
Finally something positive I found of the Ethiopians HIV
Everyone is so politically correct these days... You can't even say "black paint!" You have to say "tyrone can you paint that wall please?"
What place do black people like to be peaceful? In their coffin.
Recent medical studies shows that obesity can cause lots of problems in pregnant women. I think theres nothing to worry about it. If a woman is obese, she wont be pregnant in the first place.
What's the difference between a black person and a chicken? One's free range
Why do police officers never get incarcerated for shooting unarmed black men? Because animal cruelty is not punishable by jail time.
Why is chinese the best race? They can do everything with their eyes closed.
What's A Jew's Biggest Fear? Taking a shower.
What did God say when he made the first black person? Dammit, I burnt one.
How do you stop a Jewish man from smoking? You let him out.
What's the difference between a black person and a bucket of shit? The bucket.
What separates man from animal? The Mediterranean.
Why don't Africans need help? They already have aids.
Why are black men good at basketball? The whole point is to run, shoot and steal. Oh and their knee grows.
More than one-third of Africa lacks clean water. I guess black people will even steal from their own kind.
What do you get when you add 1 + 1? The average Ethiopian lifespan.
What do you feel when you see a black man running? The recoil
Im starving and scared That I might offend Africans because Im culturally appropriating them
Why are paracetamol white??? Because they work
What is the difference between Santa Claus and jews? Santa comes down the chimney.
This joke is like a Veitnamese factory worker It makes no cents
Kitchen appliances salesman to the Jewish man.. "Sir would you like a tour to the new LG oven ?"
Africans actually have more of some things. Like infant mortality.
How many Jews does it take to cook a dinner? Two. One in the fire, one above the fire.
Society is like a box of chocolates There are more browns than whites and the blacks are usually never touched.
How long does it take a black woman to take a dump? 9 months
Whats the difference between a blonde and an elevator? You dont even have to press a button for her to open up.
Have you ever had Ethiopian cuisine? Neither have they.
My son pointed at a homeless man and said "Human waste!!" I was so ashamed and embarrassed I told him its "waste of a human". Kids are so dumb.
What do you call a burnt chicken nugget? A nigget
I overheard someone saying a black man stole a motorcycle out of a garage. I ran home to see if mine was still there. Yupp still chained to the wall. Singing and all.
What is the difference between the highway at rush hour and the line at KFC? Nothing, they are both black and dangerous to cut through
My girlfriend broke up with me for stealing her wheelchair  I know she'll come crawling back eventually
what did the black kid get his friend for his birthday? my bike.
Hitler was a good doctor. He cured tons of disabilities.
What do you call a Muslim emperor? Napoleon Blownaparte
Why do black people only have nightmares? Because we killed the only one with a dream
I dont think Im racist I love black people I think every family should have one
What do you call a fight between a mexican and a child molester? Alien vs Predator
Where do people in China buy their groceries? Pets at Home.
A black man and a jew jump off a building. Who lands first No one cares
How does a black guy Send mail? With food stamps
Africa is really boring during Halloween Everyone's a skeleton
Since Harriet tubman is on the 20 dollar bill now, is it worth 3/5 of a 20 now?
What do you call a white girl whos faster than her brothers? A redneck virgin
I have blue eyes. I got them from my dad. My mum has black eyes.  She also got them from my dad.
What's the difference between a black man and a pizza? A pizza can feed a family of four
Where are Jews most found? In the atmosphere.
What do you call a picture of smoke? A Jewish family photo
Why do black rappers always wear jewelry? The chains remind them of were they came from.
It doesn't matter suicide rates are going up in Black communities, The race was killing itself anyway.
Whats the difference between science and religion? Science will fly you to mars. Religion will fly you into a skyscraper
whats a gay guys favorite restaurant? five guys
Whats the difference between black people and communism? People thought communism could work.
Why are all women left handed? Because they don't have rights.
Whats tougher than a white man roaming the streets of Compton.... A dog roaming the streets of China
Why don't Asians like Monopoly? They can't buy any of the corners to turn into a shop.
Black people are nothing like monkeys because at least monkeys are well behaved
Whats the best part of being a doctor? Vegetables dont need to give consent.
Why does Beyonc always sing "To the left, to the left" Because black people have no rights.
What's a 1000 meters long and has an IQ of 68? A black lives matter parade.
I had some Muslim Fried Chicken the other day. It was exploding with flavour.
I painted my computer black hoping itd run faster, but now it doesnt work.
How do Autists deal with school? With a reeeeeeeeee-volver
What do you call two chimps that fall in love? Black people.
How do you know if a black girl is pregnant? The cotton is picked off the tampon
A black guy and Mexican were in a car, Who is driving? The Cop
Pennies are brown because theyre worth almost nothing and cost more to manufacture than what theyre worth.
What do you call a white guy surrounded by a thousand black guys? A warden
What's the difference between a feminist and a knife? A knife has a point.
Hitler just suck at running He cant even finish a race
What do you get when throw a Molotov cocktail into a gay pride parade? An LGBTQBBQ
Well today in school i farted infront of my Jewish friend And when he looked at me i said sorry  Its a little gas it wont kill anybody
Whats blue and white and red all over? A cop at a BLM rally.
Why do Puerto Ricans hang the Puerto Rican flag in their car? So they dont steal from each other.
A black man walks into a bar with a parrot on his shoulder. Bar tender goes he man that's neat where did you get that?   The parrot says Africa there all over the fucking place!
What do White people get in return for letting Blacks have Black heritage month? Father's Day
Why do white people have such a pleasant scent? So blind people can distinguish them from animals too.
How do you call a car thief that can't drive? A black woman.
What do you call it when you throw a Molotov cocktail into the special-ed room? Hot potato
To all the black kids without fathers, don't be so upset. In a few years, you'll get to meet them when you go to prison.
What do you call a black person on top of a church? Holy shit
What's the difference between black dad's and boomerangs Boomerangs are expensive
Boomerangs are like dads... The black ones don't come back.
Why did I get a white car? So it would actually work!
You know the only good thing about being a Jewish chimney sweeper in Auschwitz? You get to have all your family and friends around you.
Gay Muslims are the horniest. They blow the entire neighborhood.
What do blacks and this thread have in common? Both are gonna get locked up
Blacks are a lot like apples After all, it's just natural for them to hang from trees
Why are jews ok with holocaust jokes? Because they're used to being roasted
What's the difference between a dog and a pizza? One can feed a family of four Asian people.
A white man and a black man play hide and seek at night. Who has the advantage? The white man, as the cops are on his side.
How do you get 20 jews in the back seat of a Volkswagen? Toss a $50 in the back seat
Why are black people so fast? The slow ones are in the prison.
People are like jelly beans... No one likes the black ones
How come there aren't any Mexicans in Star Trek? They don't work in the future either.
My sense of humour is so dark It pays child support
Why do black people have white on their palms and the soles of their feet? Everybody has a little bit of good in them.
What do you call a black guy with half a brain? Gifted
Do you want to know how a depressed person can beat depression quick? Just give them a chair and a rope, the depression will be gone in a matter of minutes!
What do Muslims have in common with Darth Vader? They both offer you to come to the dark side before killing you
What does a black guy and a basketball have in common? They both get shot
What do you call a bunch of Muslim superheroes? Suicide squad
What do you call the citizens of Hiroshima? Fried Rice
Why don't blacks celebrate Thanksgiving? Because KFC is not open on holidays!
What are the advantages of being blacc? You can attend a funeral naked...
What have parents and pizzas in common? When they're black, there's no food.
Whats the same about a black person and a school? They both get shot up by white people.
What's Hitler's favorite breakfast beverage? Freshly squeezed orange jews.
What do you get when you put a gay Canadian flight attendant in the same room as a monkey? An aids epidemic.
What does a redneck girl say when she meets her first lover? Hi dad!
How dark is my humour? It picks cotton.
I love the Legend of Zelda games. Name the games after the girl so she feels important, but has next-to-no involvement whatsoever in them.
a jew and a black are about to get shot, who dies first the jew had coins as body armor while the black dude had child support papers to protect himself
You know what they say Once you go black your a single mother
I asked a Jewish girl for her number.. And she rolled up her sleeve
I have no doubt that Jesus was a black man. Just like in the case of black dads, everyone is waiting for his second coming.
My humour is so dark that cops are beating it
Why don't Africans play on Minecraft servers? They're on the blacklist
What is the only football team a black person can join? The stealers.
Whats the difference between a black man and park bench? A park bench can support a family of 4
Why do black people like basketball? Because they can shoot, steal and drive.
Did you hear about the two car pile up in Mexico? 200 Mexicans died.
I think a lot, but I dont say much. ~ Anne Frank But lately shes been proven to have not said anything for almost a century
Japanese people are bad pilots They always crash into ships
What do brick sidewalks and fat women have in common They both get laid by mexicans
what do you call a jew that jumps out of a plane a falling star
If a woman is in a forest and there is no one around to hear her. Is she still wrong?
What happens when God lowers the graphics and increases the difficulty ? We all turn black.
Dont bully people with obesity! Im being serious guys, they already have enough on their pl8!
What did the black girl get after having an abortion? $500 from crime stoppers
Whats the best part of an ISIS joke? The Execution
What does black Fred Flintstone say? I yabba dabba dindu nuthin
How are people with mental disabilities similar to electronic products? Sometimes they are, "batteries not included"
Which Magic Wand can only make Men disappear? Pregnancy Test Sticks
Why are the dogs in china really fast? the slow ones were eaten
How dark is my humor Dark enough to get six warning shots in the back
What's the difference between a black person and a couch? The couch can support a family
How does a Mexican family take a photo together? They get in the back of a truck and run a red light.
Why is all medicine white? Blacks don't work
Wanna hear a joke? Black Lives Matter
Whats a word that begins with N ends in R and you should never call a black person? Neighbor
What Do You Call It When An Ethiopian Baby Cries? A mid-life crisis
How do you always win an argument against a black person? Call him "Dad" and he'll run away.
Why are black fathers and Shaq's free throw attempts the same? They're always missing.
Whats the most common fish in the Mediterranean Sea? The Syrian refugee
Name one positive about Africa. The HIV Tests.
What do you do when you see a black guy on stage? You raise your hand to bid on him.
Whats the difference between Harry Potter and the Jews? Harry was looking for the chamber
What do you call four Mexicans in quick sand? Quattro sinko
What's the difference between a black man and property? I don't know.
I reported a video on YouTube for animal abuse My report got rejected; it was footage of a black man being beaten
What's a Jew's favorite book? Gone with the wind.
Why are your mom jokes not your dad jokes? Because the creator of the first "your mom" joke was black
The reason I date a black girl So I don't have to meet her dad
What do you call an educated woman? Intellectual property
a black man with a parrot enters a bar the bartender asks where did you get it africa answers the parrot
What's Hitler's favorite time of the year Gas season
What do apples and black people both have in common? They both hang from trees
If you can stop a comma with a period point, what do you use to stop a coma? A hollow-point.
What's the difference between heroine and a black person? I think twice about shooting heroin.
Where could you find a quadriplegic? Where you left him.
Yall need to chill. Racism is a crime. And crime is for black people
What happens when you roast the quiet Asian kid? Your pet goes missing.
I got a handjob from a blind girl, my friend asked me how was it I replied Ah blind girlsyou have to hand it to them
How was the Grand Canyon created? A jew dropped a penny in a mole-hole
Muslim kids... They blow up so fast.
If only Africa had more mosquito nets If only Africa had more mosquito nets then every year we could save millions of mosquitoes from dying needlessly from AIDs.
How do you stop black kids from jumping on the bed? Put Velcro on the ceiling
What's one thing you never say to a school shooter Think of the children
How do you get a black man out of a tree? Cut the rope.
Helen Keller walked into a bar and then a chair, and then a table
Why do sumo wrestlers shave their legs? So that people don't confuse them for feminists.
What's the difference between a black slave and a black surfer? One hangs high and the other hangs loose.
Why did Beyonce say "to the left,to the left"? Because black people have no rights.
Guys I have a question: when a gay couple gets married Who makes the sandwiches?
Heard this from a 12 year old: 'Whats the difference between black people and apples?' I like apples
Friend: how dark is your humor? Me: If you whip it enough, it will start picking cotton.
What do you say to a black guy in a three piece suit? Will the defendant please rise
how do you call a black man you call his cell number
What is an Ethiopian's favorite videogame? Don't Starve
How do you get 11 million followers? Run through Africa with a bottle of water.
Wanna hear my favorite oximoron? Black people.
What do you call it when a black person hides from a cop at night? Good use of camouflage.
What does a black woman receive when she has an abortion? A thank you letter from welfare.
My boyfriend is half black. Sorry, Im such a pessimist. Hes half white.
What's the one good thing about black people? They provide jobs for the prison guards
I'm not racist racism is a crime, and crime is for black people.
What do you call a black person with rights? Nonexistent
Why do black people turn left? Because they don't have rights.
What's the only time you wink at a black person ? When you're aiming.
How do you track a Cherokee. Follow the tears.
Did they try turning Stephen Hawking off and on again?
Today, I bought a Rolex from a black guy for a bargain. I would even say it was almost a steal.
Researchers found out the most important difference between humans and apes Apes lives in Africa
What's black, white and rolls around on the beach? A black man and a seagull fighting over a chip.
What's the difference between Batman and a black man? Batman can go out at might without robin.
What do we call marijuana addicts? Mexicans.
What part of a vegetable cant you eat? The wheelchair
A Muslim man said Allah Akbar But I thought he was sneezing so I said god bless you and I was blown away by his reaction.
Homeless Where do Western Hobo's go for food?  Food shelter   Where do Asian Hobo's go for food?  Dog shelters
How black mothers keep their children from biting their nails? they make them wear shoes
What do you call 1 black person on the moon? A problem  What do you call 2 black people on the moon?  A problem  What do you call the entire population of black people on the moon?  Problem solved!
How do you start an african rave? Staple toast to the ceiling.
Special ed classes are superior to the rest in, at least, one thing Chromosome average
How do you make a baby explode You convert it to islam
There was this great German Hotel that closed down in 1945. It gave free food and free hairdo's. It was called Aushwitz.
Why do epileptics bexome atheists in December? Because they found out that "Jesus is the reason for the seizin'"
What should you never give a dyslexic person for breakfast? Alpha-bits
What do you call a black man that has eight arms? I don't know, but it picks cotton really fast!
I painted my computer black to make it run faster It shot me
Women deserve equal rights. And Other Hilarious Jokes You Can Tell Yourself
Whats the difference between a Jew and a bullet? Only one escapes the chamber.
I think its wrong to refer to a negro as "boy" That implies they are people.
Teeth are like people All want to be white, most are yellow and the black ones don't work
Criminals are like just normal, regular people... ... But with darker skin.
Why was six afraid on seven? Because seven is black
Why shouldn't men hit their wives ? When you damage your property it loses value.
my african friend asked me if he could ask for bob and vegene i told him "u better ask for food"
what did the african kid get for christmas aids
What's the difference between homeless people and rats? Nothing, they both are infestations to big cities
Why is Mexico so bad at the Olympics? Because every mexican that can run, jump and climb is allready on the U.S.A
Black people are like mitochondria They're the powerhouse of the cell
I studied zoology It helped me better understand black people and their behavior
:D @nkrause11 Dudes who go to culinary school: #why #findawife #notsexist :)
Yeah, child labor IS illegal. Unless you mean "women"? @plaster_cole Girls should not be allowed to be commentators for football games
Too bad they won't take you! @the_CRISPY_man Call me sexist all you want, but I'll take a woman who can cook over one who can't ANY DAY
You're pure comedy to the WNBA. @itsshaqhoe Not sexist but WNBA is pure comedy to me .
Has to be a parody account. @TheHout I'm not sexist, but women just shouldn't be sports announcers.
Listen, you're sexist. @TommyJohn15 Listen, I'm not sexist, but every dumbass driver I've crossed lately has been a female.
Wish I could reply with gifs. @ThisIsFNW I hate when women want to be men. It's not sexist, it's biology. Were just different, accept it.
*most boys @ihatethiskid I'm not sexist but all the internet does is show that most girls don't know how to form their own opinions.
Yes, you're both. @kfuru16: My sister is a woman and Asian. She is the worst driver in America #notracist #notsexist
Turn up your hearing aid? A thought @C_tWINO I'm not sexist but it's nearly impossible to listen to a girl talking about football on ESPN
LOL EDGY @ein_schoner_tag @shedevil___ @ahptik im not sexist but why are women allowed opinions lol
I'm not a Misandrist but Males in General can not Capitalize @g0ldenWan I'm not Sexist , but Females in General can not Drive.
TELL ME MORE @ohthatliamm I'm not sexist but I don't think I actually find any female comedian funny
IRONY IS FUCKING DEAD @ibustos123 Im not sexist but feminists are the most annoying people out there.
WOW TOP SHELF HUMOR @arabdizzle What's the point in having a cleaning lady when I have a mom and a sister? #NotSexist
why do jews get circumcised ? jewish women wo n't touch anything that is n't <number> off .
what is a muslim 's favourite band ? the taliband , their performances always blows the audience away
how do you prevent black people from stealing your stuff ? hide it at the bottom of the pool
i like my lakes like i like my white men . superior .
black people are like tires they work better with chains
a muslim couple just got married it is working out well enough , but the husband will not let his wife drive for at least <number> years . one day the wife go 's up to him and asks why she must wait such a long time . he replies " oh well , to get your drivers licence in this country you must be <number> years or older "
what do you call a good looking muslim ? asif
what do you call a black woman who 's had <number> abortions ? a crime fighter
why did a black man cross the road ? hey ! gimme back my wallet !
how do you fit a group of jews into a mercedes ? <number> in the front , <number> in the back and <number> in the ashtray .
important sometimes it is very important if a sentence was said by a man or a woman . a good example :  i used a whole pack of tissues during that awesome movie yesterday ! 
what do you call a woman who thinks she can do anything a man can do ? wrong .
bad drivers are fined $ <number> now that s just sexist .
cooking is an important skill . cook for an african man , and he will be hungry for a day less . cook an african man , and all the nearby african men will be hungry for a day less . -- some tribe leader
wanna be like hitler , but have no oven ? throw a penny off a cliff .
i painted my laptop black so it would run faster . <repeat> and now it wo n't work
what do you call an ethiopian with buck teeth ? a rake .
some people say i do n't let my wife choose anything , but that 's not true ! i let her choose between front hand and back hand .
you want to hear a joke ? women 's rights
what does a muslim do with their iphone <number> ? just kidding ! they prefer the note <number>
what 's the difference between batman and a black man ? batman can go to the store without robin .
what 's the difference between a boko haram training camp and a nigerian refugee camp ? i do n't know , i just fly the fighter jet .
what do you do when someone is having a seizure in the bath ? throw a load of dirty laundry in .
why are women like clouds ? because they dampen your day when they 're around but once they 're gone the day is much better .
what is the difference between a homosexual and a mentally ill person ? nothing .
how can you tell if a shark met an asian ? its fins are missing .
how many times can you screw a blonde ? i do n't know , how much time you got ?
what do you give an african child for its first birthday ? roses on its grave .
pink shutters a man walked into a whore house and asked the man running it to give him the biggest black woman that the whore house had . the man at the counter said alright that will be <number> and told him to go to room <number> the man went up to room <number> and the biggest black woman he had ever seen answered the door . the man walked in and asked the woman to take off all her clothes , lay on the bed and spread her legs . <repeat> she did as she was told , the man stood there and just looked at her for a minute , then he said ok i m finished you can put your clothes back on . <repeat> the woman got up and was confused as she asked , " why did nt you do anyting ? " the man replied . <repeat> well i am painting my house brown and i wanted to see what it looked like with pink shutters
darth vader  was the first black guy to freely admit to being the father .
why are the japanese so skinny ? it did n't end very well for them the last time a fat man was in their country .
what 's with all the recent terror attacks ? its ramadan . and you 're not you when you 're hungry .
what do you call an ethiopian with a yeast infection ? a quarter pounder with cheese .
what 's the difference between a black man and a lawn decoration ? a footstool and some rope .
what 's black and screams ? stevie wonder answering the iron .
how do you find a black person ? guilty
a black guy goes to a doctor 's office to get a vasectomy . he shows up in a limo wearing a tuxedo . when it 's his turn , the doctor looks at him and says , " i 've seen a lot of things , but i 've never seen a guy coming in all dressed up like that ! " and the black guy says , " well , if i 'm gon na be im - po - tent , i 'm gon na look im - po - tent ! "
who 's visiting millions of african children every year on christmas eve ? death .
cripples what do you call three people in wheelchairs stacked on top of each other ? a vegetable rack .
what s the difference between a black person and a colorful explosion in the sky ? fire works
what happened to the girl who had a black heart ? cardiac arrest .
what 's the same about feminism and the holocaust ? they 're both irrelevant and mean nothing to society .
if your dog is barking at the back door and your wife is yelling at the front door , who do you let in first ? the dog because he shuts up after you let him in .
i ca nt wait for harriet tubman to be on the $ <number> bill i can finally use black people as currency again .
if you donate just <number> pound a month . . . you can help us make another advert with sad looking african children in it .
why are black people so good at excel ? they know a lot about cells
i 'm not racist there are black people in my family tree .
why should you never marry a jewish woman ? when dinner time comes , they 're too scared to get near the oven
daddy , am i more black or muslim ? - why are you asking , son ? - there is a bank on the <number> h floor of a new building , and i do n't know whether to rob it or fly a plane into it .
from what i understand most major religions all pray to the same god . after tragedies often i hear ' god has a plan ' well , frankly i think they are right . like after sandy hook , you know , like <number> kids were murdered . that was part of gods plan . i mean , how else is he going to keep coming up with virgins for the suicide bombers .
what do you call a sheet of metal leaning on a tree ? free aboriginal housing .
what do you call a homosexual on rollerblades ? rolaids
i like my women the way i like my fish . . . battered .
what 's the difference between harry potter and jews ? harry escaped the chamber
so i almost dated this cute muslin chick in middle school but after her social media phase , she kinda blew up . <repeat>
how many feminists does it take to change a light bulb ? feminists ca n't change anything .
why do black people like the pokemon anime ? because they can relate to the main character 's fatherlessness .
what do you call a letter from a feminist ? hate male
what is ironic about the lgbt <allcaps> flag ? all the colors are straight .
why did they plant trees in harlem ? for free public transit .
woman : what were the results from the test ? doctor : there are good news and bad news , the good news is that your child will always find a parking space
did you hear about the woman who got hit by a car ? police are questioning why she was out of the kitchen .
if a muslim beats his wife is it domestic violence or child abuse ?
what happens when you boil a cabbage ? i do n't know , a japanese guy stabbed him before i could find out .
offensive joke . well , i hope anyway a little black jewish boy says to his daddy , " dad am i more black or jewish ? " " why do you ask ? " , says the dad . the boy says , " well a guy at school has a bike for sale for $ <number> and i ca n't decide if i want to haggle him down to $ <number> or just steal it . "
what do you call a muslim at a peace rally ? lost .
what s the difference between a passed out college chick and a pickle jar i ca nt fit my fist in a pickle jar
what would be another name for black lives matter ? rise of the planet of the apes .
jews what 's the best jew joke ever ? the holocaust
what 's the best way to wash down five hundred chocolates ? katrina .
what 's the difference between feminists and hockey players ? hockey players shower after <number> periods .
what 's the hardest part about being a muslim ? pilot school
the prophet mohammed and his wife walk into a pub and the barman says , " sorry , mo , kids have to stay outside in the garden . "
how did the jewish kid cheat on his math test ? he used the numbers on his arm .
what 's the meanest thing you can do to a blind person ? give them a cheese grater to read .
i fuck my wife the same way islam fucks muslims . <repeat> <number> times a day and she has to face me while being submissive .
why is jesus probably black ? because he can not tell who was his real father .
why were all of the inner - city schools changed into conservatories for the arts ? people realized that the only way a negro could be successful is by playing jazz , singing , dancing , or playing sports so they decided not to waste money by teaching them things that would nt prepare them for the real world .
volkswagen gas emissions scandal . the germans are still trying to gas us .
let 's be honest here . <repeat> the real reason why the great irish potato famine happened was because the irish figured out that they could also eat the potatoes .
a gay muslim walks into a bar . <repeat> he ordered shots for everyone .
what do you call a smart black person ? nonexistent .
a man walks into a bar and asks for an obscure beverage : ' hey , do you serve blacks lager by any chance ? ' the waiter replies : ' no we do n't ' the man says : ' yeah neither would i they start throwing their shit at each other after a pint or two '
why are the black man 's eyes always red after sex ? the mace .
why do nt jews like the internet ? because they always got roasted by nazis
what did hitler say to the defeated jewish cowboy ? reich for the sky !
shopkeeper runs the numbers . fifteen skinheads chased a pakistani into a shop and proceed to kick seven flavours of shit out of him . eventually , the police arrived and arrested everyone . one of the coppers walked over to the shop assistant and asked if he saw it all happen . when the clerk replied , " yes , " the cop asked why he did n't help out . " i thought fifteen was enough , " came the reply .
the young homeless girl was delighted when i asked if i could take her home . she was n't too excited when i walked off with her cardboard box .
you can tell a lot about a man by the car he drives for example , if it 's a black man , it 's not his car .
how to pick up chicks how do you pick up a black chick ? noose . how do you pick up a mexican chick ? border patrol . how do you pick up a muslim chick ? body bag . how do you pick up a jewish chick ? dustpan and brush . how do you pick up white chicks ? flunitrazepam .
jewish jokes what 's the difference between a jew and a stiff nipple . <repeat> othing because they both disappear after hot shower
what 's a mexicans favourite sport ? cross country
what do you get when you cross a black man and an octopus ? i do n't know but it 's damn good at picking cotton .
what do you call a mentally handicapped jew ? aushwistic .
i got arrested for killing a black man . they charged me for impersonating a police officer .
i knew a guy who died in a terrorist attack . <repeat> his last words were " allahu akbar "
i guess bradley manning really is a woman i mean , how else could he fuck up killing himself ?
i like my women like my wine aged <number> years and stored in the cellar
why are aspirins white ? because they work
how do you make a jew prematurely ejaculate ? pay for dinner
is the glass half full or half empty ? i really do n't know , because there 's different ways to look at it : - optimism : the glass is half full . - pessimism : the glass is half empty . - feminism : the glass is raping me .
what is the difference between a feminist and a suicide vest ? i can turn on a suicide vest .
what 's the difference between a jew and a bullet ? a bullet can escape the chamber
what phrase do black men always love to hear ? " you are not <allcaps> the father ! "
how do you starve a black man . <repeat> put his food stamps under his work boots .
you loose your black friend in the dark , where do you lose your muslim friend ? in an explosion
what 's the worst thing about being told you have alzheimer 's ? it dosen't happen at once
what 's black and white and rolls down a hill ? a maori and a seagull fighting over a fish head .
fat chicks . <repeat> make uggs look like socks .
why do negros dance to the left ? because they have no rights .
what is the difference between a black person and a bench ? at least a bench can support a family
a black woman has seven sons ; jerome , jerome , jerome , jerome , jerome , jerome and jerome . how does she distinguish between them ? by their last names .
how do you pickup a jewish girl ? broom and dustpan .
what is the usual woman 's response to a black guy 's pickup line ? rape ! <allcaps>
my weed is like the qur'an . <repeat> i burn it until i get stoned .
what do you call a muslim feminist ? dead .
so the federal government said we are no longer allowed to call people from indiana " indianians " . <repeat> now we must refer to them as " indyots " .
why do black people take so long to check out at the grocery store ? mixers in one transaction , booze in the other
alabama where eharmony and ancestry are the same website .
when i was in t - ball as a kid , i could tell my coach was catholic as soon as i joined the team from the way he molested me the same way my priest did . i mean like to a t.
Girls I have dated can never estimate measurements. Just make sure you never date a female carpenter.
I wish GPS' had an avoid ghetto" setting!"
That place was infested with black people.
Sorry , that must be my Black coming out.
Some guy in my school started talking that way randomly, along with some other effeminate mannerism. Funny, when he came out and we all just said we know. [...] I read somewhere that your true accent is the accent you speak when you are drunk or angry as the cognitive load present in putting on a fake accent vanishes or weakens
I just don't understand it. I think you must just be doing it for attention. When this phase is over and you go back to putting effort into your appearance, you can be treated with respect.
Don't worry about Mr. ________. He's just extremely Jewish.
She should be the employeer, and she needs to be a Mexican looking for a cleaning job.
Old woman:: "Schools shouldn't offer free lunches to kids, since that means their parents just take advantage, and don't bother trying to find jobs to support their kids." Me:: "So you think we should allow kids to starve?!" Woman's husband:: "You see [myname], if you give them handouts, these people don't work. When I got out of high school, if you wanted to eat, you had to find a job. Nobody has any work ethic anymore." At a party. Made me feel like I was talking to a compassion-less brick wall.
Person cutting my hair:: So are you seeing anyone? Me:: Not since things ended with my last boyfriend. It was complicated, he was from Afghanistan... Person cutting my hair:: And he was a terrorist? I was going to say that a close family member had died in a bombing and he had to go back to Kabul. But I guess terrorist works?
You're pretty for a black girl.
She's a girl, of course she has mood swings.
There's African Americans and then there's black people. There's a difference. Like, Oprah is an African American, but some random black guy off the street doesn't deserve the title, you know?
You can't play with them - they don't speak English.
Surveying gender is easy because there's only male and female.
But you are too strong to be raped.
Believe me, my son is NOT gay. He has never once touched a Barbie, he's built like a linebacker, and he's a real man's man.
No, can you get one of the boys to carry that out? It's too heavy for you.
Wait, can I catch your Asperger's?
Bisexual people don't exist. Gay people just say that so they can walk down the hall with a girl holding hands.
Your mom is Brazilian isn't she? Maybe she could come to the school sometime for gym and teach the class how to dance samba!
You're a girl. You're not expected to know where it is.
I'm male, and am asking this question to non-binary identified people. Why do you give so much of a crap? Why can't you just lighten up, let the thread happen, and ignore it?
Person 1:: That's not your real hair, you're fully black! Person 2:: It's fake, stop trying to convince us that black people can have long hair! Two people in my class talking about my mid-back length curly hair, two weeks ago. I'm a 17 year old Eritrean (East African) female in London. It made me feel disappointed, enraged, but mostly, shocked by their ignorance and outright lack of manners.
Oh my God! Yea, that shooting at Haas last week was so crazy! I feel like I go to a ghetto school now!
I like you, you don't act gay.
Cool story, babe. Now make me a sandwich.
While talking to a co-worker over our break... Co-Worker:: Why do you have all those State Park brochures? Me:: I want to get into camping. I never did much of that growing up. Co-Worker:: You should find an outdoorsy guy to date! Then he can teach you all that stuff. I am a queer woman who is not interested in men.
You might want to think about losing weight if you want to get married and have children. Men are very visual creatures.
No offense, but that's seriously gay.
I'm not going to screen you for STDs because you aren't really at risk as a lesbian. But then again, I don't really know how you people have sex.
I SAID A NORMAL NAME......AMERICAN!!
Lol, Asian gay guys are too girly, I suppose.
Doctor:: How did this happen? Me:: My mother pushed me down some stairs when I told her that I'm a lesbian. Doctor:: Oh, that's understandable then.
Walks into a post office to buy stamps. Me (Hmong American):: Hello, I would like to get the pixar stamps. Clerk:: *Takes out Chinese New Year Stamps, while smiling like she made my day* I think you'll like these. Me:: *Looks at her and the stamps...* No, it's okay. I'll just get the pixar ones. Clerk:: *Pushes the stamps forward* Awkward silence of me thinking... Me:: Okay *Buys and walks away* Clerk:: Xie xie WTF?! with a tickle in my tummy... Did this just really happen to me...?
You only got into [my university] because you're Native American AND Mexican. I had to work harder to get into this same honors program, and that's not fair.
You mean your boyfriend coded it up in a week!
Not all gay men are sissies, but all sissies are gay.
You're going to be the expert on all things African American.
Co-worker's facebook status:: Not sure how the guy sitting next to me in class can smell so bad and still be alive. First comment:: Is he Indian?
Find yourself an Asian girl. She'll be more docile.
Yeah, it's like when black people dye their hair blonde and wear neon colors. It just doesn't work!
Jihad is one of the Five Pillars of Islam. The whole thing is basically founded on going out and killing people for G-d.
Don't pick that up, you're a girl. Let one of the boys do that.
You're actually very pretty. Most dark skinned girls don't have your looks.
You haven't seen the Godfather movies?! You are not really a man if you haven't seen them.
Of course I love you, I just prefer the straight part of you to the gay part.
Doing a Physics degree is no way to get yourself a husband!
H&R Block employee when my best friend (who's black) and I went to get our taxes done together:: "Employed?" Me:: "Yes." H&R:: "Any children?" Me:: "No." H&R, turns to my friend:: "Okay, and you. Employed?" Him:: "Yes." H&R:: "Any children?" Him:: "No." H&R:: "Are you sure?" Him:: "Um..." H&R:: "Just checking." Him:: "Yes, I'm sure."
There are scholarships available solely for black men, black women, only women, Hispanic men and women...but if there was a scholarship that only a white man could apply for, I bet it would cause an uproar. Just sayin'. Is this fair in today's day and age? What did my generation do to oppress any specific group of people? Isn't it time for equality across the board?
Hahaha, you're so funny! You're not asexual! There's no such thing! Humans are MADE for sex! You just haven't had GOOD sex yet! Someday you'll meet the right guy and you'll want to screw his brains out, and then you'll remember how insane you were to ever say you're asexual!
So how much Indian ARE you? I mean, you don't look it.
*gasps* You've NEVER had taiyaki* before? You're not really Japanese!
So you're really not into men? Like, really really not into men? Are you sure?
Classmate:: So, which one of your parents is black and which is white? Me:: My mom is white and my dad is black. Classmate:: (trying to by funny) So, your mom was a rape victim? I was 17 years old.
I just think that the feminist movement glorifies obesity. It should focus on being healthy, because what it's doing now is just as bad as the mainstream media!
I wouldn't call myself a feminist anymore. I think I'm a realist now. I think maybe we're in denial and that men and women aren't necessarily capable of the same things. Maybe women need to make some sacrifices.
God made Adam and Eve, not Adele and Eve.
Don't become one of those militant gay people.
Go back to China.
Female Coworker:: So you're driving cross country? Me:: Yep. FC:: Are you gonna stop at hotels or something? Me:: Nah, like I did before I'll just stop at rest stops when I get too tired and sleep in the car. FC:: Oh, well, do you have any protection? Me:: Uh, sure I guess, I mean I have pepper spray and always carry my pocketknife... FC:: No no, I meant do you have a MAN to protect you. Because obviously women can't defend themselves, and men never get robbed or assaulted...
Bisexual is a term that gay guys in high school use when they want to hold hands with girls and feel like a normal person for a change.
That's why black men, like my boyfriend, date us white women. They like REAL hair, real nails, and none of that attitude. Black girls are way too ghetto and too much work.
Well you know, you are going to have to deal with some uneducatable black kids.
I wish you'd stop calling me a feminist. I'm not a feminist. It's really insulting. I love all that traditional woman stuff, cooking, cleaning, like that.
No you can't like him. It's the most disgusting thing to mix a Black and an Asian!
I didn't know that such a dark girl could be pretty.
If the Japs are offended, then screw them. They should have stayed away from Pearl Harbor." The highest rated comment on a very old and very racist Bugs Bunny cartoon shown on YouTube. 7 macro,race 6 years ago
Dad:: So what are you taking next semester? Me:: Intro to philosophy, deductive logic, women and modernism- Dad:: Ha! That's a contradiction right there! Me:: Why? Dad:: Modern women aren't logical!
Wow, look at all these black kids. Hey, I bet they all have the same dad. All black people are totally related.
You communicate like a girl, I just don't get it. I'm a guy. You need to just say what you mean!
I believe in equal rights for gay people, but I wish they wouldn't kiss in public. It's gross.
Why can't all Black Women wear their hair like yours?
After you strip off his makeup and clothes, biologically he's still a man"."
While sitting with a friend, observing the art at Museum of Modern Art, a museum security employee approaches us. Employee:: So, where are you from? (to my friend) Lemme guess, Japan? Friend:: Uh, no, Korea. Employee:: Ah, and you... (to me) Where are you from? Puerto Rico? Me:: No, I'm from California. Employee:: Right, but you probably are Puerto Rican. Me:: I'm not. Employee:: Are you sure? You *must* have some Puerto Rican blood in you! Me:: I assure you, I don't.
I don't know how well this software [facial recognition software] will work in places like Asia because all Chinese people look the same.
I want to make bumper stickers that say ISLAM IS NOT A PEACEFUL RELIGION and sell them.
We don't keep eating utensils in the car. That's what FAT FAT FAT people do.
You're Middle Eastern? Really? It's so good to know there are actually decent Middle Eastern people out there.
But you're not REALLY disabled. You look so pretty!
You can't be a person of colour; you're too pale!
Why are there so many party stores in the ghetto? Like do all the poor people like to celebrate they're poor?
She always wears such revealing clothing and flirts with all of these guys when we're out. It's just gross and dangerous. I'm not saying that a person deserves to be raped, but...
Why do you listen to 'Chinese music?' You don't even understand and they all look the same anyways.
Are you really going to let a GIRL beat you?
WHY are you Atheist?
Black Student:: Yeah man us Black people don't do too well in water. White student:: Yeah, yall took advantage of that free boat ride huh? An exchange my friend who attends Lake Forest College overheard.
Men are just better at some things. That's just the way it is. Like men are better at driving cars or flying airplanes. But you sure look pretty.
I play as a black character sometimes and it never bothers me.
My daughter said, 'Mom, I hate Mexicans!' I told her you can't judge all Mexicans because of one but, you can say they are all short.
I'm all for women's rights and freedom and whatever, as long as they still put out.
Teacher :: Black men are naturally more aggressive and strong than white men. Me:: No, it has to depend on the man, surely. Teacher :: Not really, no white man could... Me:: Your husband is 6ft tall well built and my dad is 5'7ft and very lean, your husband could wipe the floor with him. Teacher :: There are odd exceptions but, in general. I was 15, Secondary School, England 2001. Made me feel gobsmacked worried that I would be graded unfairly.
Owner of my company opening up sexual harassment training class:: I don't believe in sexual harassment. I think it's just something made up by militant lesbians.
Native Amerian Studies boils down to 'kill whitey'.
Why can't you act like a normal person? You don't have Asperger's. There's nothing wrong with you. You're just looking for attention/excuses. If you'd just stop behaving so oddly, you wouldn't need to blame it on a disease.
I don't want another woman boss. I already have a woman boss and she has me running around all the time.
Are there really that many gay people?!
Four-year-old boy:: Why did she get to walk in first? Dad:: Because she's a girl. And girls go first. Four-year-old boy:: Why? That's DUMB!' Dad:: Because girls need protecting from strong boys like you.
One of my good friends from high school is black, but I don't really think of her as black because she told me she's white on the inside.
Me:: I can't believe that someone could commit such a horrible crime. People can scare me sometimes. Guy:: You know, if black people don't want to be called criminals... Me:: I didn't say anything about what the man looked like. Guy:: [Silence]
If you can keep your head whilst everyone else around you is losing their's...  Than you're probably in an Arabic country fighting for Isis.
Untold Murder is risible, mulatto perjurer trying to convince the audience he knows something as opposed to reading from a New Scotland Yard script.
Women are like wine: I can only afford the really cheap ones that have the big, ugly boxes that leak.
The Jews use to laugh They thought it was just a joke They're not laughing now  -Adolf Hitler
Notice there haven't been any #MeToo accusations made against Islamic Supremacists?
the organizational and social strategy of 'dune coon' movements like Hezbollah and the Muslim Brotherhood are light years beyond the machinations of the white master race in virtual space, even if we adjust for contextual differences.
If we'd known that they'd cause this much trouble we'd have picked the fucking cotton ourselves!
So I guess women are now being promoted to the level of the Jews:as long as one says something happened we have to believe it because not possible they would lie
did you know Mexicans in Southern California actually use "JAJAJA" Instead of "hahah" pisses me off so much  #DEPORTALLOFTHEM
London police arrest two men in connection with the London Terrorist Bombing  One, 18 yrs old  One, 21 yrs old  Won't tell us who/what they ARE, but I can just about tell you who/what they AREN'T  White/European British Native Londoners IQ above room temperature Self-sufficient  Any takers at 10:1?
Check out CBSN On Assignment on CBS at 9pm they are gonna tell moslem kids its not right to cut peoples heads off... could be funny
To the women marching across the US today  Have as many abortions as youd like  Boycott sperm  Get sterilized  Boycott the patriarchy  Kill yourselves in protest
It's easy for them to multiply because their African genes are so incredibly pronounced .
I think its funny , as a premed student there has n't been a black person within a hundred miles of any of my classes ever .
If monkeys are on my property i call animal control and defend my family and property with whatever means possible , simply talking sense to a monkey and pointing at it will not stop it from misbehaving !
Agreed, The Blacks and Hispanics should have their own school only for them and have worse education than the children whites like that might not compete with our children whites .
Now now lets not discriminate between muslims and jews , I say get them all back to the middle east and turn the whole sand pit to radioactive glass .
I Can tell you right now if a black mob is threatening my life and burning my town I 'm going to start shooting .
How dare I suggest boys' suffering needs attention too
I made a Chad tinder profile Females don't care how vulgar or disgusting you are when you're attractive, if I was to say the same things I've said to these people with my real picture they would call the cops on me  So far I've had 60 matches and none of them were disgusted by my messages, which were asking for sex straight up
Why do women always show there curves Every time I walk down the street I catch myself stairing at a girls tits or ass why can't we be like Islamic country's where women where berkas
Shower Thought: If feminism is cancer, is that why ladies afflicted with it often lose their hair?
Normies live in constant fear because their girlfriends dress up slutty then drink their inhibition away alongside horny men on a weekly basis This is routine and encouraged in the degenerate west.
After watching the clip on "Mansplaining" I would like to introduce the term "Vaginapology" I believe this is self-explanatory.
Brace yourself, Christmas is coming soon Get your GF now or they will run out of supply
There should be a modernized version of "The Boy Who Cried Wolf" called "The Girl Who Cried Rape"
Every woman claims she was raped or sexually harassed in her past They are advertising their desirability to Chad.
Women don't like being treated equally to men, sees having to pay child support as oppression.
REMINDER: femoids would rather fuck ABUSIVE CHADS than an incel But don't forget that your personality is the problem.
Seeing prostitutes is morally wrong, but being one is not Why do women defend prostitutes while at the same time judging men for seeing them?
I wonder how many females I raped today I spent a lot of time on the subway as a sub 3 and inevitable looked at some females and might have made phisical contact when the train was full
Having a criminal record is more attractive to women than having a PhD A violent alpha male is the ultimate sexual desire for women.
Another advantage of being a female: getting by with your looks
If men are so privileged and women have it so hard why are so many men choosing to live as females?
