" b.higher education is a part of european culture  that was imported to other continents  although the asian culture pressures their people to aim to be the best at everything ( hence all the stereotypical jokes )  in asian culture  "" studying is everything "" "" """
" has a problem with  "" the whites "" "" and "" "" the christians . "" "" go ahead  you are free to say it now ! """
" is yasir qadhi a hate preacher for calling christians  "" filthy "" "" ? - james white refutes robert spencer """
" rt  "" : how three million germans mass murdered after destruction of the reich ; via "" "" """
" rt  "" we were murdered graffiti in synagogues "" "" : i recently watched a video of an older german documentary on jews "" "" ... """
" rt black supremacist arrested for threatening to  "" kill all white people in the town "" "" | more : """
" we capitalize neither  "" white "" "" nor "" "" black . "" "" from our writer's guide : "" "" when referring to race  black and white are never capitalized . "" "" """
" when you said  "" we "" "" are you talking about the white supremacist  the nazis  the racist   the hate for o """
#istandwithsweden #isalutewhitepeople #thanksjews #whitegenocide
#whitelivesmatter #wakeupamerica #workingclass #whitepower
' holocaust ' debate / comments / news claude lanzmann : just finnished this one  a must for you all as it give ...
. fine for #hobbylobby to believe life begins before birth  if a store can believe . it can't be forced to have an abortion .
. pretty sure trump doesn't want incompetents on his team ...
3 ) a white supremacist drove his car into a crowd of people
: cnn wants black people to think the president is racist . look around you  your
: if you're racist unfollow me . i hate you . you need to die .
: ridiculous ! he should defend human dignity planet climate changerecism / fascism / terror white racist wright
: white power !
a must-read for churches and nonprofits from and #religiousfreedom
actually it's the other way around . the french resistance would already have sent #trucons to the guillotine .
agree with mary . amren seems confused by jewish achievement and iq .
ahmad javed appointed as the next ambassador of india to the kingdom of saudi arabia .
and a white supremacist would be a crazy white dude . just saying .
and are you a white european aryan  because most of these hitler fan boys hate anybody that isn't ? ?
antifa is acting just like the kkk ... dressing in all black instead of white  hiding / mask identity  beating people of their race & etc
are you out of your mind people going with out food here homeless sleep on streets americans
article 356 should be invoked and the aap govt should be dismissed : subramanian swamy  bjp leader ( times now )
but america decided long ago to replace its white population with non-whites  & the more non-white immigration there is the faster this can precede . you're supposed to be celebrating diversity  i . e . your own racial & ethnic decline & ultimate demise . your country demands it !
clinton to white people : ' we need to recognize our privilege ' via
democratically  he won the presidency . end of issue . the dems have been trying to stop his agenda sin
everything this president is being accused of by u libtards is exactly wha
freedom from religion group is such troublemakers  after texas cheerleaders too
german govt . forbade police to name north
germany : the most important thing is to educate refugees about the holocaust via
how about conservatism is the political philosophy of dishonor and cowardice ? #cpac2017
i am not a white nationalist or a leftist in anyway but in your predicament  what gave you the idea to
i guess whites and blacks dont belong in civilized countries according to your rhetoric .
i have a sense carson was staying in just to split votes from cruz . he's been chummy with dt and giving me chris christie vibes
i'd like to hear more from #joshduggar and the family research council about the sanctity of marriage . #bwahaha !
i'm amazed people were actually able to coordinate grassroots coups and rebellions back in the day when
identity europe is a race baiting organization which when confronted with any opposition  become cowards . the ultimate snowflakes . after using terror tactics against immigrants and black people  you get pushback and hide behind skin color . failures .
it's no secret that white people are native to areas like that . do u now consider orient white ?
japanese pm abe shinzo follows a total of 3 people on twitter . narendra modi is one of them . via
kumar bishwas may join bjp soon after being targeted by islamic fundamentalists
moscow authorities ban nationalist rally after racial riots | read more : via
no  she could have run and tripped over people - she could have had a fr
no woman has the right to kill an unborn baby ! it's not her body  it's the baby's body  she's choosing to kill . open your eyes ! ! !
racist ppl it's what y'all are ! you have your own criminals here in the dsa is not more usa that's why you are divided states of america
so in order to slice the initial problem of white supremacy .. you attack black people who value the love in our communities and are willing to now stand up . circumstances your people put on us systematically .. yet i never know any white people who have been through this for yrs
stop talking to the fbi hunter
syrian war would redefine future of global #economy spanish media #russiavsisil #syria
the #trucons !
the commercial and industrial proliferation of nuclear wastes  more than any other issue hangs as an ominous pall over our heads
they hate white people with a passion .
this country has a serious problem with corporate politics . big mac nation . diabetes and single mothers = end result
this is bs . i agree on all getting along . i didn't think the optics was so important as long
today is national horse protection day ! please sign and share our petition -->
trucons lament the rise of white identity politics via #altright #trucons #neocons
we all support you guys keep up the good work
what did you expect  back than demos and repubs were white racist runing these country . demos were beganing to yield to minorty demannds .
when the saxon began to hate : white man smashes van into moslem crowd in london  at least 10 report via
who's hosting khurshid kasuri : 1 ) advisor-speech writer-friend of advani ji . 2 ) rajya sabha tv.whom to blame ?
yesterday was white supremacists  today is white nationalists  tomorrow just saying white you'll come as racist . control the perception .
you're right  and of all the groups in america that are being trampled upon  the white working class is getting it the worst
youre a racist moron .
"  "" : muslims threaten female army cadets with beheading "" "" """
"  "" : we need a worldview  not a universal outlook #tcot #nrx #altright "" "" fyi """
"  "" : we wish you all a white christmas and a brighter new year : via "" "" """
"  "" an individual white person being portrayed as desirable  talented  or fashionable can be tolerated  but only if that person signals against the collective interests of his or her people . "" "" said gregory hood  a blatant racist ! ! ! """
"  "" caring for vulnerable includes caring for unborn children & their mothers "" "" says in response to #sotu call to value all life """
"  "" defense of marriage act doesn't violate equal protection . "" "" """
"  "" everything not forbidden is compulsory . "" "" - t . h . white """
"  "" i lost my faith in atheism . now i love god with all my heart . "" "" - kirk cameron """
"  "" impressions over sessions "" "" - alt lite """
"  "" it has finally hit them like a 2x4 between the eyes that white america is not the dying corpse they assumed it to be . "" "" - rocky suhayda """
"  "" it is shocking that such a high percentage of people even believe that america has a ' white  european heritage . ' "" "" """
"  "" parents who contacted alliance defending freedom relieved that forced abortion is off the table for their daughter "" "" """
"  "" people "" "" is being generous """
"  "" reddit's pro-white community "" ""  so  reddit then ? """
"  "" the failures of the southern-dixie patriots in virginia and alabama are due to soros and mccain  for the misfortune of the people ' russian colomnists ' tzargrad tv ' """
"  "" we must break free from the petty politics of the past . "" "" #rncincle """
"  "" why wont these people vote for the party that obviously hates them ? ? ? "" "" """
" 15 part series  "" islam & isis "" "" can be found here """
" >  "" @ sardaanarohit "" "" < is fake profile by aap """
" a  "" true conservative "" "" wants to know how we will secure the border of ukraine and south korea """
" a ( ( (  "" white male "" "" ) ) ) """
" adl demands internet censorship again / now it's  "" cyber hate "" "" : the title of this piece should be ' supremacist j ... """
" by  "" independent media  "" "" w . means the legacy mainstream media which is upset its customary privileges have been revoked : """
" cincinnati police : officer who dubbed the 40 blacks attacking 1 white person a  "" hate crime "" "" was wrong ... : """
" cuckservatives : gop now officially the party of  "" white paranoia "" "" via """
" do most conservtism  inc people experience  "" cuck panic "" "" when featured by media matters ? """
" goad  you are the living proof that  "" white supremacy "" "" is bunk . """
" hayek was also a very milquetoast libertarian . road to serfdom :  "" central planning = totalitarian  but """
" he's likely right rt : iranian ayatollah : americans  "" don't have the guts "" "" to attack iran """
" i feel like it is all just  "" white supremacy "" "" lol """
" kkk = kreosote kornhole kids . give in charity or stop getting hungry .  "" give in charity . "" "" - jesus """
" milo is a  "" white nationalist "" "" according to . i'm sure actual white nationalists like would be surprised to hear that . """
" no  he's a racist . when black people complain or disrespect him  he always has an overreaction . way out of proportion . he expects his white  "" specialness "" "" to be above reproach . """
" no doubt that anonymous internet forums attract cringeworthy low sexual value males who like to lash out at women . lots of  "" edgy politics "" "" - even irl - attract a similar crowd . still  can't beat the internet for pro-white memes like "" "" anti-racist is a code word for anti-white . "" "" """
" oh  yes ... all those neo-nazis / white nationalist are all about  "" learnin ' "" "" """
" oh noes ! tariffs - what a  "" chilling "" "" word ! it completely goes against what "" "" true conservatism "" "" is all about ! """
" rt  "" #jihadiaap "" "" is now trending at rank 4 in india """
" rt  "" : does the kkk .. hate black animals / pets ? .. since they not white ? "" "" ? """
" rt  "" : start measures like cancelling licences of swiss banks in india if they quickly don't return our money . "" "" """
" rt  "" and  at the same time  in restoring a captive people to their long-lost father-land  with bright prospects for the future "" "" lincoln on clay """
" rt  "" this win for #trinitylutheran church is a win for the freedoms that americans have long exercised . "" "" #religiousfreedom """
" rt #cpac2017 : alt-right denounced w / speech journos said  "" makes no sense . "" "" attendees  press flock to . the momentum is ours . """
" rt .  "" there are no #plannedparenthood clinics that have mammogram machines "" "" . #defundpp """
" rt :  "" robert spencer must be shot head "" "" """
" rt : so ayaan ok but not me ? oops  dan :  "" "" no one has upset the islamophobia cabal more than robert spencer . first  he knows m """
" rt jesus's teaching on judgement :  "" let he who is without sin cast the first stone "" "" . are you  senator ? are you ? """
" rt ky christian printer blaine adamson targeted by  "" human rights commission "" "" #religiousfreedom """
" rt rt : #doma  doesn't  "" end the national debate over marriage . "" "" #1m1w """
" rt why doesnt tell ..  "" aap kuch lete kyun nahin "" "" .. #coughcough .. """
" ted cruz and paul ryan called the trans pacific partnership  "" a fair deal for the american worker "" "" """
" thrilling . many  "" whites "" "" are against you . so . not a united "" "" bloc "" "" . """
" typical leftist chant   "" racist !  racist ! it rings hollow when it's every other word "" "" you people "" "" use . """
" w / bad intentions . & don't  "" but the other people ... "" "" i'm well aware of antifa & so are pd . i'm talking to you all right now """
" what part of  "" expect us "" "" did you not comprehend ? buncha ignorant podunks ! #opkkk """
" you think a century of iq science is  "" group think talking points "" "" ? that's moronic . """
! ! ! #racists with a racist-group for a racist-cause ... there's ' nothing ' fair about deceptive ! ! ! / / /
#altrightmeans that deus vult !
#antiwhite #14words #whitelivesmatter #frankfurtschool #culturalmarxism
#crookedhillary responsible for deaths of 200k + people in iraq afghanistan lybia & syria . #hillaryisjihad #trump2016 #trumptrain
#germany : non-white in one generation #auspol | read more : via
#ghostsquad #opkkk #lulz bad children no website 4 u #anonresistance #classwar not #racewar
#part28 : #stormtroopers ? #huh-they look more like a #21stcentury version of the #kkk #myfellowamericans
#problemsolved anti first amendment or antifa as they call themselves are terrorists and deserve their fate
#resistance #14words
#youtube the endgame - full white genocide documentary
' holocaust ' debate / comments / news how do you tell the difference between poles & ukrainians ? : when crema ...
' holocaust ' debate / comments / news kitty hart-moxon full testimony : ~ today i watched kitty hart full testi ...
( ( ( white nationalist ) ) )
( kkk )
( this is what an iq test tests  boys and girls . )
* sigh * i hope you're trolling because he obviously means the ideals and values msm and democrats promote . its ok to hate evil
- : this is also the word ! #workingclass #cnnblackmail #fnn
. #alert ; #splc has posted hitlists online that targets patriotic / christianamericans ; resulted in chick-fil-a shooting at . #maga
. #wotd from islamism : the religion or culture of islam . buzz
. : trump wh separates itself from obama  highlights nativity scene via
. can you do the same to a baby born alive in a delivery room ?
. is an amazing #plannedparenthood alternative that actually cares about women .
. so much concern about christian people ! as a jew what is christ to you ?
. video of of punching commies at berkeley free speech rally . right wing safety squads #berkeleyprotest
... contrast white pols saying sessions is racist and black pastors saying he's not !
1 vote for braveheart . 2 votes for a gibson directed remake starring bale ( as bateman ) as wallace . in la .
17yrs old . happy international women's day .
2 . we're not trying to persuade people in michigan  pennsylvania or in california . we're in the south  no more  no less .
3 / ... people like me !
58 % of white voter vote for trump = racist 95 % of black voters vote for obama = not racist
88 % of rapes are not interracial . so white men are systemically targeting white females .
9 / anyway  there were always regional cultural divides  but the arrival of jews en masse in nyc was a great catalyst
: . rips #doj for ' engaging in collusion ' with #jihad ...
: all because one man has the audacity to think it's ok to be white  and ok to not hate you
: and of course #whenthugscry
: antifa is a joke . bring them to the south .
: breaking : white pride america merges with the national socialist movement ! via
: confiscation and invasion of our consulate in san francisco by fbi  is deep hostility towards russian people and
: cuckservatives : the constitution will save us ! via
: der fhrer  adolf hitler - rare moments in colour ( video )
: europe's awakening : greek racial nationalists has made contact with bavarian national socialists !
: georgetown university prof : islamophobia causes jihad terror  white supremacists greater threat than jihadis .
: good morning ! please call your senators as soon as possible today ! tell them to vote #noamnesty (202) 224-3121
: islam is not a race ? obama white house wants to change that
: islamic republic of iran terrorist # cleric  _and it's different  the path of our people is i
: knockout king in uk : anti-white racist attacks now spreading to europe ! read more : via ...
: my new uk-oriented #counterjihad novel is free today on amazon at merry christmas !
: preach it elder  preach it ! ! the democrats have overseen the mass enslavement of citizens with their tre
: re : the holocaust industry's work in progress ...
: rudolf hess  the martyr for peace t-shirt from the white resister
: same old propaganda machine mt us will lunch airstrikes agnst muslims ( majority casualties
: so mr spencer ... muslims hate you and in all your clever rhetoric  best you can do is hate them back ! #spoil
: successful amren conference ! read about it here : .
: the myth of the 20h century : #history #wwii #philosophy
: uk : racist black man punches pregnant white girl in stomach as onlookers watch in horror sit & watch
a look back : #scotus unanimously ( 9-0 ) gives alliance defending freedom  our clients and religious americans victory
a make america white evangelical male event .
a metro of 10 million people and only shows up for #katesteinle
a really thorough explanation : clarifying the count of marriage amendments and referenda via
aap alleges rs 22000- cr scam in maharashtras power sector
according to the southern poverty law center  they are a hate group that is against immigration ( except by white western europeans ) .
accusations against pastors ? that doesn't sound credible . never would men of god take advantage of a young person .
action alert : oppose california taxpayer-funded health care for illegal aliens
actual white hispanic vs . not a white hispanic
add creating dependent society of poor to be under liberal government control & illegally spying on americans courtesy of bho
afghanistan : muslim suicide bomber kills 89 muslims y'day = 1/2 no.of ppl killed by #israel in 10days ... any outrage ?
after taking over the countries they continued to kill christians  jews and other religions . ottoman empire continued to kill until ~ 1920
al qaeda urges lone wolves to target whites  to avoid ' hate crime ' label | fox news |
algebra is an arabic word . a little hint as to its cultural origins .
all lives matter we are not black and white we are men and woman as soon as black lives matter sees that true hate and racism will end
all the republicans are doing is pulling white america into the quicksand ! we must let go of them if we are to survive !
allied soldiers raped almost one million german women  historian finds | read more :
america has always been about letting in people who hate you to call you racist for not letting in enough other people who also hate you .
america was also 0 % white stretching back tens of thousands of years in the past . nice talking point .
america was classically liberal when america was white .
america was founded by white people .
america's poorest white town : abandoned by coal  swallowed by drugs
an anti-immigration group is attacking an anti-racism group bc ... ? oh  right  you're actually just a #racist group & ok w / white immigrants .
an honest conversation about race | jared taylor ( ) & #whiteguilt #westerncivilization
and almost all of the rapes white men commit are attacks on white women .
and dylan roof white american male killed other americans . shall we deport all white american males ?
and if the victim is a white woman  the crime is overwhelmingly a white perp .
and white brits were actually the 1st slaves in america . history ppl ! history !
another #trump & #prolife win ! house #ahca bill will defund planned parenthood : #foxnews #msnbc #cnn #nbc
anti white supremacist i like that
anti-degeneracy is actually underrated as a message for the alt right too
anti-racist activist raped by non-white illegal immigrant after attending anti-racism festival via
anti-semitism is recurring problem in dutch schools via
antifa are violent thugs and need to be physically removed . or do you still think they can be reasoned with in a logical manner ?
apr 1  2014 / 4:23 bill warner phd : prayers for kafirs
are europeans being replaced ? this is a british school in 2017 . find the white kid ..
arsonist destroys church recently purchased by white pioneer craig cobb #swrm #whitegenocide #wp via
as an ex-member of identity evropa  i will not promote that group . i will not bash them either  but my
as bad as he is i really don't think we should be accusing milo of anything without evidence . its just not right .
as far as cuck knight your probably right  he was an instigator
assuming a low median iq  large population size would still yield an elite .
attached pic is white sabotage
ban white male terrorists !
because europeans are white like africans are black and asia is asian .
because i love the diversity & contribution of various cultures . id hate living in a white society
because it's a white identitarian group .
because white nationalists  the kkk  and neo-nazis don't have a history of violent intimidation and terrorism in the us .
because you are not white semite
beck is alt right . that is he's the alternative to being right .
before rushing to judgment  please see our faq page : #freedom #peace #truth #workingclass
being white is not the original sinracist : magic silencing word whose powers have worn off . white ppl are tired of being called evil 24/7 .
bernie sanders was unavailable for comment .
best screenplay golden globes : quentin tarantino wins for django unchained | american renaissance
bingo they act like they cannot tell the difference between a white supremacist and a white extremist extremist are very few supremacist are very many
black celebrities who belong to 5 % er anti-white race war cult #swrm via
black officers torn between duty and race | american renaissance
black spree shooter wanted to kill as many white people as possible via
blonde white women aren't the only type of white women
boston holocaust museum vandalized arrest made the forward
breaking : obama to nominate merrick garland to supreme court #scotusnominee
build the dreams of american people first ! ! !
but apparently a safe space for racist  white children is applauded
but hey  if you really are antifa  90 % + of your friends are white  so you wouldn't really know
but still mostly white . what about the people buying the politicians ? even more white .
but their american experience can be used in their home country better
can democrats win back the white working class ? via
can i join ur clan
can you describe exactly what sneak attack was ? antifa hitting w / baseball bats ? throwing stuff ? punching ?
canadian music festival says sorry for racist white staffer who didnt want to move to the back
caught on camera : 10 violent #police assaults on #ows protesters #occupywallstwhen will white america fight back ?
check out this article from : the battle for marriage is not over ! ! !
chief of army staff  chief of naval staff  vice chief of air staff and the national security advisor met the prime minister .
chillin my cuz  how you other than spreadin hate  victimhood and dependence on your folks ? really dawg  change your game up a little  promote hope  harmony and a can do attitude rather than the only reason you can't succeed is cause of white cats #novelconcept
christianity is to be lived in public - in all that we say and do . to get rid of it  evildoers must eliminate us all .
classical music  hvy metal / progrock  low crime  space / scientific etc exploration  idealism  education  gun subculture  christian heritage
common figure around the conservatism circles
compared to 2010 there are more white crimes against others than black crimes . pick up a textbook .
complete idiot john kerry not surprised isis had capabilities to carry out paris attacks .
congrats to #cruzcrew for winning kansas  but you are underperforming huckabee and santorum with evangelicals
congrats to my friends at and at for the cert grants today ! hoping for a big religious liberties win !
correct . so we have to likewise use emotional appeal to frighten our people into choosing sides  ultimately .
count down until your vile ministry gives up hating transgender and moves on to your next innocent  free victims . hahah
crooked cops posted movie  take shelter  showing #endtmes visions as mental illness on my youtube feed
cruz is winning with the exact same percentage as santorum in 2012 . where is president santorum ?
cruz said kasich should leave because he couldn't get to 1237 . now he can't get to 1237 . drop out lyin ' ted .
cuckservatives : becktown : i've been saying for years its coming
cultural marxism is a phrase invented by people who have never read marx and don't understand marxism .
democrats promote womens health bill for abortion without limits until birth via
destruction of culture / less cultural influence and more state control over the economy is lw .
developing = > milo yiannopoulos to attend friday's white house press briefing
dismiss fin secretary for fooling you mr pm on his ability to handle the matter pl resign
do you want more  or less  liberty  welfare & peace for the future ? . the choice is now.rt . follow . #shariafree2016
dr . david duke : will the white race survive ? ( video ) va #whitepride
e . g .  white supremacist asks black xian bakery owner for anti-xian racist cake . liberty = denial . rt ?
even when not elected  hinduism was the guiding principle of india  even m k gandhi wanted rule of lord rama
even white muslims ? ?
every statue they take wakes more people upthis cult will not stop  always finding a str
every white christian or not should know about russian jew communists ; prior to ww white hollocaust vs herrel
everything is racist .
exactly ! all of a sudden in 2015  he's now a racist ! give me a break ! !
exactly . if i were a leftist / antifa i would be trying to fracture the rw ' street ' coal
expose ashish khetan today . he has wrongly quoted the govt letter : sambit patra  bjp #arvindcricketcard
exposing the hatred towards whites is good ... people need to see it even if they are scared to react .
fair . most of us know you're a racist hate group . so stfu .
fair immigration is a branded hate group whose members are racists and white supremacists .
fake news for sure . face the reality ! open your eyes . you cannot change the past .
fetal tissue panel recommends prosecution for planned parenthood : . #ppsellsbabyparts
for only one pair of legs a day you can give poor afghanie people freedom even if they don't want it .
french people are white . that doesn't mean they don't have rights .
from a planned anti-trump walkout to a milo keynote--cpac has come a long way in a year .
furthermore everything you accuse the white race of has been comitted by every other race imagineable . slavery was around long before and we were the only race to put and end to it . you know nothing but old talking points someone told you to memorize . youre fumbling in ignorance .
given how moderate & reasonable richard & mike were at the press conference  white students are now in an awkward position . #togetheruf
good to see infowars coming to the defense of - wait for it -  one of america's most prominent white supremacist groups .
great thread . what optics are you proposing as alternative ? either way  better to run an experiment and
great to see all the support for #religiousfreedom ! #letthemserve #littlesisters
growing ? or white flight from other citiies ?
halal also means the animals were killed in the most gruesome manner ... a manner that is not permitted in most jurisdictions except for islam
has a white supremacy problem : analysis shows supporters of family research council embrace white supremacy
have you ever been such a degenerate that your only accomplishment is being white
he is more new-right than alt-right . he is just a gimmick to divide even more
he really seems to be a racist
he was with a group of people all looking for trouble .
he's a gay jew . not a white supremacist
heartiste is anti white .
heidi cruz : goldman sachs banker  council on foreign relations member  open borders globalist via yup
hello  brother ! i am new to twitter ... is there anyway we could get in contact ?
here is what u need to know two semites attacking white women for standing up
hey guys ... i'm not mexican can yall shout me out ? ? ? i'm trying to get my rap name out there and i have a black friend who raps
hey there is a new way to be racist
hi do you have to be white to join
hi one more example of govt official harassing a common man for tax erosion . modi govt . is questioning termites too
hi white  t-shirtz & hoodies are named by you ! click now ! : . ciao
highlights from #vvs16 #valuesvotersummit from what a great week !
hillary strategist blames stupid white people for popularity of trump via
hillary's amnesty plan is treason  she is a traitor
hope he takes them to court . overstepping boundaries .
how dare you refer to his religion . racist ! !
how did you miss the point and be wrong at the same time ? what takeover ? no one said anything about that and white people kill each other too linda
how does stealing women's health options lead to a victory for women ? incomprehensible
how rich did that racist get  what a racket !
how this black man sees all white people
hufpo is now labeling an ' anti-muslim hate group ' i wonder what they call groups who hate america ? heroes ?
i bet you hate muslims too  typical racist conservative .
i brought breakfast for you  yes we are legion
i cant bring myself to be friends with white people who dont hate being white and want to be in charge of their own country .
i didn't call his a democratic gay black racist  did you ? !
i don't hate you . i white guys .
i don't view any as naturally inferior  we can't really tell in the small period of our lives . you however by positing that the white race ..
i don't want any murders illegal or citizen . but there seems to be a disproportionate amount of focus on people that are not the real danger
i employ many people in the state of virginia - jobs  jobs  jobs ! crooked hillary will sell us out  just like her husband did with nafta .
i guarantee they're scrambling in charlottesville to get this arrest warrant overturned or canceled .
i hope they're ready to get primaried by people who are willing to do so .
i know it did . but there's no way of knowing whether or not the people involved from the beginning were already trs listeners . given how popular flyers are by folks from and  it wouldn't be surprising at all  really .
i know you love america not god but you don't want a communist in the white house . they will destroy our life
i liked some of what milo did  although i hated him for plenty of things .
i love it ! the media needs to stop saying that every black loves obama  every woman loves hillary  and every white for trump is racist .
i might shock a few people saying this being a nationalist but you can't take the klan serious
i see that you might protect monuments and lead people to hate antifa  msm  and leftists ge
i think he meant white nationalists are free of thought .
i think we'll be facing some young  well-trained antifa as well . heads up .
i thought with statues gone people would sing and hold hands under a rainbow . are you saying racism still exists ?
i used to live on se university ! i wish these fliers were around a year ago when i was still there . great work !
i want to ask hindus ? any comments ? ..
i would say not the beginning but a nice warm up liberals you want a cultural war so today you got a small taste of it
i'm black not white !
i'm going to assume you live in a sizable city . most of the white there are liberals and are no doubt the reason you think that .
i'm not sure #antifa ever knows how they intend to do anything . let's just appreciate the entertainment .
i'm talking ' american ' white not european white
i'm thinking there are some good people in that movement but it's been hijacked . this guy's an embarrassment .
i'm white  southern  and proud ! !
i've been watching the women issue play out in the alt-right . my take is that it is another reason why online movements don't work . in real life  these issues tend to sort out
i've seen a lot of stuff that i disagree with including some comments which are crazy . the typical woman isn't an e-celeb that thirsty men gawk at like tomi lahren
iceland is a lily white ethnostate compared to sweden
idk > graphic > mandela's rainbow nation : white woman raped then stoned by racist blacks ( video ) via
if milo provokes to shutdown federal funds to berkeley  i will be cool with him . he will deserve enormous credit for that
if only we'd realize it's just #clowardandpiven of dear leader obama we'd be taking a stand as americans .
if so  i'll join you . i'm not nor are you a racist we just want corruption by obama recognized and punishable by the law .
if the dogs and flowers are white .. shut it down
if the supreme court sides with the business  then we will be heading in a bad di
if they're not the answer  what is ? do the people have to stand up ?
if what you are saying is true what stops nda govt to arrest kejriwal ? its not upa anymore  they are in power
if you also think white heritage is hate  would you feel comfortable living in a country with zero white heritage ? be honest .
if you re-branded yourself a jihadist psychopath we might just let you in .
illegal aliens should be suing in a mexican court  with a mexican attorney  in mexico . they have no rights in america . they are illegal .
illinois gop governor wants to make illinois a sanctuary state !
im new to twitter and glad to see so many following a great page like yours . i wish to also spread truth about national socialism
immigration is an opt-in regime . the people that come here want to be a part of the project . they already see the value in the system that's in place . that's what i think anti-immigration activists fail to realize .
in 14 hours  1000 kkk members will be outed . expect us   and more .
in england  you had the white flower girls that would give men dressed in civies white flowers of cowardice .
in stunning black and white technicolor ! =d
in the old days of america baptists were stereotyped as either being white trash or blacks .
inspiring estonian nationalist torch light march . thousands marched in support of nationalism . #estonia
insulting a religion is not racism . its bigotry . racism is hating a race . hence racist .
intends to score house reconciliation act . it's time to #defundpp #prolife via
ireland : wrong to blame pro-life catholics for savita's death
is a white supremacist
is adult abortion ok ? oklahoma's botched lethal injection starts new front in battle over executions
is choosing the path of legacy media and will decline as a result .
is the head of the suspected black supremacist group . has to make multi accounts to spread his hate for white folks just like kkk
isis threatens pam geller  jihad threat against the white house
islams hate  wrapped in western goodness .
isn't high corporate taxes + high income taxes + regulations + free-trade the formula of deindustrialization ?
isn't it crazy how people turn a blind-eye to present day slavery and instead  would rather focus on slavery from 400yrs ago ?
isn't your wife white ?
it is not racist and you are not a hate group if you believe in following federal immigration law . #commonsense #illegalimmigration
it makes you honest  not racist .
it was founded by john tanton  an open white supremacist  whose goal is to maintain a majority white population 2 /
it's also inherently american to allow people their constitutional rights .
it's gotten worse because white america is waking . we need to keep pushing .
it's not even close to white nationalist .
its 75 % white which is very high when the > 22 population is only about half white
jewish man with gun threatens black councilwoman over holocaust museum comments
jordan lorence of on . #elanephotography read : what now ? court won't hear gay wedding appeal
just like white nations  white antiquity belongs to all  deconstructed via multilayered pastiche of ethnicities  genders  and classes . / 4
just look at all those white supremacists helping those they hate down in texas ... ironic  perfect example of the love we have 4 our brothers
karma for white supremacy is gonna be great ! ! !
keep debating optics guys . keep arguing over the really really important
keep pressuring the established party . there is no alternative - and there is no where else white people can go .
kejriwal actually wants to join bjp  it seems ; he only wants a good deal ! !
le pen more popular than socialist candidate among young voters
less than 72 hours now until gets dropkicked . feeling godly tonight ? #trusted
let white sas immigrate to us .
liars and killer daubed on holocaust memorial day poster : liars and killer daubed on holocaust memoria ...
lindsey looks like he is about to cry #gopdebate
literally ! and paid people . and they tried to get people
lmao sorry
lol hitler angry at aamir khan on leaving
lol you are a sad little troll ... but who knows i may try white because i have never seen a white person before nor a black for that matter
lol you support trump but you don't understand how the media lies and smears ppl & groups ? really ? !
lol you're citing business insider ? lol . black on white rape
look  i truly believe there's good and bad people of all races . that's a fact
majority muslim countries not on ban where trump has business : uae  indonesia  azerbaijan
make a gift in honor of and annoy a liberal !
makes mr taylor again look incredibly silly .
masterpiece cakeshop : a public moot court #scotus #colorado
meenakshi lekhi talking racist nonsense . is she aware how many programmes bbc and channel four have made on high profile white paedophile ?
melania was a model . never hurt anyone . but heidi cruz is a corrupt to the core globalist and bush crony ! there is no comparison !
memorial day weekend bbq + cushman's wedding
mike sledge of renegade broadcasting joins me to discuss international capitalism and international communism :
mount pressure for kejri resignation and anna hajare intervention or dismiss delhi state govt
mt : i'll be hosting washington watch live radio show for at 5/4 c . tweet for questions to be read on air .
much of trump immigration plan not ' radical ' in gop circles ... our spokesman explains why via
muslims commanded by an hallucinating psychopath to kill us
must watch : breaking down #steveking super xenophobic white nationalist tweet .
my father is a victim of political conspiracy  our work for bjp is costing my father's career . cong govt is threatening us
my god people are stupid . she really believes everything she said in this question to #richardspencer
my white neigborhood is still white in the center of chicago because of street theater
namaste india ! #markzuckerberg founder and ceo of #facebook begins his india visit with internet org summit in delhi
national review : white working class communities ' morally indefensible ... they deserve to die ' - breitbart
new paper ! population  abortion  and food . #marchforlife2015
new podcast : white people  force-minoritization  and the rise of donald
new york rabbi charged with stealing $ 12.4 million from disabled kids via #jewish #rabbi #art2light
no  it is the truth . it's only race when it's white  not black or coloured .
no  they are corporate run via contracting through private farmers . they are still gmo
no college university in the south ? are you like 12 ? i was an enlisted soldier . i have a master's degree
no i have shut your lies down with truth . you are here to pitch white supremacy blah blah . you are the talking points guy
no one called him racist  he said that himself . or on my thread no one called him racist
no one loves the kkk
no proof ?   that statement alone is stupid    i believe cops should b punished no matter who they kill blk / white   gd try tho
no reasoning with people like you . have a great life ... watch your back pal . then again  you wouldnt be missed .
no wall . just increases sell of tall ladders or tunneling machines or boats . stupid .
nobody is worshiping either of those monuments .
nope  just used the same faulty logic that people are using against anyone brown - 1 bad they are all  bad  dangerous . i
not becuase ur white and is brown  becuase u
not in my experience . when i shifted to irl from the internet  i noticed the women issue more or less disappeared
not one single argument against marriage equality
not racist ! just want what is right .
not sure that the statues are going anyway ... what bothers me most are the cucks like scv w
not to mention we have cucks on our own side like voxday and ramzpaul who jump in and start right in de
of science is very clear on this ; babies at this age feel pain more intensely than newborns and adults #theyfeelpain
oh you're a white nationalist skinhead too
on the hbd chick interview | the occidental observer
one person vs . multiple witness claiming the same thing ? unless antifa mac
or at least to fully repeal the 1965 immigration act that opened the doors for ' people of color ' and communists . instant game changer .
oy vey ! white supreeeeemacy ! ! !
pathetic . can someone go ahead and register the as a hate group  just like the kkk ?
peasants into frenchmen is a great book  but it doesn't contend  at least not explicitly  that nationalism is a modern phenomenon .
pence will help in places like fort wayne  in  grand rapids  mi  springfield  mo that cruz won
people are dead and you're too much of a spineless coward to address the reason why .
people like you scare the he'll out of me . what did you ever do to be white ? you are no better  just better off .
people who use the american flag as a symbol of civic nationalism are clueless . do the
personally i would prefer deporting all the white nationalists that support . illegals are far more beneficial to the us
petition to label antifa as terrorists hits 100k signatures #swrm via
photo : media waiting for #scotus arguments to end - re : #prop8 #marriagematters
pjw is waiting for you to widen the overton window right-ward . then he'll appear w / milo & ta
pl . act now  pl . dismiss all opportunist bureaucrats  military officers and #ministers .
pl ask ministers to avoid wasting time on frivolous issues like no fly list . captain of flight tackles it  ministers need not
podcast : the left is lashing out . white babies  maga hatsanything can trigger their anti-white animus .
praises to  & thank you for standing grounds on 1st amendment #tcot #ccot #teaparty
preaching one's religion is not radicalisation ! ! !
pro-life lawyer from on truth behind ultrasounds - they are a baby's first home video
prysm system tea party review is out ! stories via #tcot #maga
raw story : how the alt-right turned me into a cuck :
real republicans hate nazis and white nationalists
rebel yell 209 : charlie stuart  hunter wallace via
remember the black and white races are totally equal .
report : uc merced stabber was on terror watch list  had islamic state flag
report trump sought visas to import at least 1100 foreign workers into usa
retweeted american renaissance ( ): here's what should have tweeted about race & ...
rich lowry : trump is a populist  not a conservative via #cuckservative #taxcuts #belabor #plutocracy
robert spencer is racist ! why ? because someone told me he's racist ! #racist
rod - a truconservative betrayed religious liberty over a fictional zombie television show threatening to leave ga
rt 40 years ago  abortion activists won an epic victory with roe v . wade . they've been losing ever since . #sfla2013
rt : use hashtags #dumpsplc and #noth8 to promote freedom over hate .
rules expressly contain secular exceptions  allowed referrals for many reasons not in the rules . alito #scotus
sad ? why ? acceptance derick !
sadly they are afraid to cover that kind of truth #theyturnablindeye ... cowards
shame on this fraud ravish  he is a blot in the name of india
sigh . were done here . you're clueless about black people . end white supremacy
sign up to the #liftwaffe . the white race needs you .
since #charlottesville national review is the new huff post  huff post is the new antifa times . estab
sir ! are you suggesting white supremacists aren't intelligent people ? i am shocked
sir please order investigation in national herald case .
sn is pro-white  gets race  doesn't have same drawbacks
so  you're ok with white nationalism ?
so ( ( ( white ) ) )
so because of european / american colonization and conquests  the humanity was completely improved ? cool .
so now people of color can also be white supremacists ? i guess i learn something new every day .
so which branch of christianity . catholic ? protestant ? in the uk we used to torture and kill people practicing catholicism . is that what you want ? if not  how do you avoid the slippery slope ?
social media has played a major role in the decline of the #trucons as well . no platforming is less and less effective
some will see introducing the idea of racial separation as incendiary . i disagree . i predict an incredible cooling effect simply by discussing it . - john ingram
soros is a wanted man by the russian federation for instigating political trouble . he is funding hillary as well .
sorry  not sorry     etc . get used to losing  always . :d
sorry . public monuments shouldn't exist .
sorry you seem to lack the willingness to reflect on your own behaviors and views . there r lots of us who don't approve of antifa tactics .
stay tuned : tonight at 6:30 pm est--we will be fb live streaming a debate between supreme court litigators david cortman of adf and ria tabacco mar of the aclu on the merits of our upcoming masterpiece cakeshop #scotus case.visit us here :
stop using stupid words like fundamental extremists etc . it is jihad . you don't have to kill to exercises jihad . ask
straight white men in germany in the 30s and 40s = nazis  straight white men in us in current year = citizens
suppressing the #truth about #hitler and national socialism is not pro-white  it is pro-jew #love
sweden : immigrants blame whites for violence #swrm #sweden #whites #immigrants via
taking a page out of doc's book with the circuit . saves time  builds muscle  and increases overall fitness . #liftwaffe
tell racist #johnlewis
terrorists had no capacity to down russian plane - security & aviation experts #7k9268
texas gov . cuts $ 1.2 million in tax-funding from planned parenthood
thanks for all the great information / videos on islamic history
that is patently untrue . everyone is not equal in talents  and america was created as a homeland for white people .
that symbol wassist . you rost  white trash . get over it .
that's a possibility since he wants to call orlando a gun issue not a terrorist attack
that's weird  most countries were white nationalist back then and they didn't all kill 6 gorillion .
that's why the police have no go areas . that's why london is the aci
that's your opinion . others disagree . you do have the freedom to not listen  as do i .
the alt rght is rampant with pedophillia . this is the first of many ' exposures ' to come .
the american renaissance is a pseudo-intellectual white supremacist publication
the basis for any civilisation is its people . replace them and the civilisation is lost forever.only we can save ourselves .
the biggest lies in the media have always been their lies of omission
the capitalist white supremacy system on which it was built are the roots of what is so strongly dividing us now . this can't be undone .
the concept of a wall is ludicrous .
the deep state isn't white ... and the deep state has an anti white agenda . and russia is a white slavic nation with traditional values .
the emergence of white identity in thechesapeake
the fella who runs amren is the best white nationalist in america . must be his japanese upbringing .
the growing worldwide threat to religious freedom alliance defending freedom blog
the irish have held ireland since the beginning of time . that is how this all works . continental white people are the mixed race . always .
the irony is that stricter border control will largely affect honest white people - - lots of experience here .
the league of the south is outside cpac today
the lost ancient patrimony of the white
the moronic madman kasich wants to arm ukraine . one word : why ? #gopdebate
the new terror threat : organized rape :: the investigative project on terrorism -
the only known recording of adolf hitler's normal speaking voice #swrm #hitler #normalvoice via
the people of your state hate you and . #stopthelies #stopthehate #discrimination #hb2 #genderdysphoria
the religious side of hindu dharma is vast  with more gurus  monks  scriptures  temples and pilgrimages than any other religion .
the west is awakening from its long slumber . it is time to do what you must . #sdsu
their mere presence will instigate riots . are you defending the kkk ?
then i'm sure there are quite a few.although latin american spanish is a bit different from spain spanish and not relevant in context .
then why does the goi need separate ministers for delhi ?
there goes white power for you
there's a difference between enforcing immigration laws and advocating for a white ethno state in america  genius .
there's nothing racist in what you rt'd . even if the guy is a ws  i don't believe in guilt by association.you don't sound racist at all in your tweets . you sound like me . fed up with that disgusting label being indiscriminately applied to good white people . its unamerican !
there's only one side : the side holding a free speech rally . then antifa showed up to throw bricks  bottles  and m80s and they got beat back
theres a few white people too
they are on this white privilege and supremacy kick again
they will arrest white nat . here in the states though .
this is how it's done . take care of your people . follow onr in poland .
this is just an expression of racial & ethnic dominance . all signs that the hated other ever
this is why democrats are the biggest racist violent extremist hate group in america .
this will only radicalize white ppl to our side more  it is a win
those monuments must be made of crack cocaine ! !
those would be the struggles white nationalists face.not the same thing .
thx to #ppsellsbabyparts vids  ends alabama's medicaid contract w / #plannedparenthood
to ( ( ( ) ) ) ~ nationalism & anti-s work hand in hand
totally wrong . my reply was against the seculars . i'm a modi supporter !
true  but i hate seeing this pos get rewarded for beating on whites .
trump is not a white nationalist .
trump targeted by hostile anti-american propagandists | the realist report #trump2016 #makeamericagreatagain
twenty gypsies attack white couple in czech republic hate crime mob attack ( video ) ; via #14w #14wordss
two babies born within the league of the south : via #reality #family #faith #folk #southernheritage
two whole examples out of 11 mil immigrants wow that sure makes it a crisis stop being so afraid
typical . let me guess you are a white male too ? your toxic masculinity and implicit rac
typical ... if you are against sanctuary cities ... your called a racist on twitter #whyamisurprised ?
u malign a whole race including me4the words of your darker brother ? i did not malign the white race 4mass murders
uae : 40000 to 50000 people expected to attend indian pm modi's public event at dubai cricket stadium
uh well racism is inherently evil so yeah it is pretty bad . i'm pretty sure sociology d
uk jewish lawmaker blasted for jewish money quote via
unions proudly in solidarity with marriage equality . just say yes !
united in god we stand ! ! ok
united sheriffs of white supremacy ?
university of california berkeley ( berkeley  ca ) #projectsiege
video #education site on current events and #nationalsocialism - spread the word ! #workingclass #cnnblackmail #fnn
video : nationalists confront antifa protesters at arizona state university | more :
video : robert spencer on google changing its search results to spike criticism of islam |
was makin point as a white man that other white men & women disgust me w / their bigotry and racism !
we are all humans and if you have that point of view i feel sad for you . whites can do jus
we can't waste time with those who don't know how india got freedom .
we don't need a wall . more crimes are committed by hate from within . so how about laws that protect us from white supremacists pigs ?
we have to say  more now than ever : thomas jefferson represents white men in america and what we have d
we've all got the common goals of preserving the white race . so i just assumed . i myself don't see why it would be an
weimerica : white america is giving up on democracy via
well  maybe american citizenship is not for this woman . sorry . you come here  you have to embrace our culture  you have to assimilate . and that includes pledging loyalty to our flag and the republic for which it stands . go back to france .
well  white supremacists occupy the white house .
what ! ? wow  they really hate white people .
what a whiner . i don't hate white people or any group based on past or present wrongs . i judge individuals on their character
what about being white makes you a better american ? like  you realize you're advocating racism  right ?
what about his sanctuary ?
what about right here in the us ? overtime black citizens built thriving black communities  the white supremacists destroyed them .. why ?
what fuels your disdain for the jewish people ?
what has trump committed ? what have u provided ?
what is a white country ?
what is your point ? 84 % of white homicide victims were killed by other whites . #hueofskindon'tkill
what scan are you getting ? i'm at university so i guess i should be asking around to see what i can get
what work ? ? . you're doing nothing but making yourself look like a racist that u really are .
when 3035 th white farmer shot dead in south africa in front of wife #swrm via
when is called a racist by white liberals ? we won the war .
where did i say that ? nonsense . i said his call against multi-culturalism . and many of your fellow priests in the us are not white
where do you feel your ideas about race come from ? what are your sources of information ? #opkkk #hoodsoff
where do you see hate in what i say ? i proud of my culture and if people from other place in the world want to share it i'm more than happy
where exactly did white supremacists sabotage black communities ?
white americans least likely to race mix via
white brothers  i come at peace
white collar crime like embezzlement is also disproportionately black .
white culture exists wouldn't be a bad start
white disgruntled exemployee shot boss
white evangelicals adopt black embryo triplets via
white genocide accelerates in sweden : university removes all portaits of white male professors via
white girl bleed a lot : the return of race riots to america via
white guilt ? hah !
white house launches #refugeeswelcome hashtag
white man gets 15 - years in prison for leaving bacon in mosque #swrm #white #bacon via
white people been stealing people's homes ? that's the truth .
white people not really under attack  says author who attacks white people as being crazy for thinking they are under attack .
white people resisting propaganda to racially miscegenate  official figures show | read more : via
white race is still here . it hasn't been wiped out so history can't prove something that hasn't happened .
white students turned away from anti-racism seminar for being white via
white supermacy and white lives matter is a hate group who thinks that the white race is more superior than others ..
white supremacists are the real snowflakes .
white supremacists dont shoot up white people at country concerts .
white supremacists like are the only ones saddened by phil rushton's death
white women are getting fed up
who in the alt right has ever advocated for deporting white people ?
who was first in america ? was it white people ?
who's worse ? the kkk or the lizard squad ?
why ? psychos can just as easily bomb the boston marathon or crash the germanwings plane and kill people
why are you promoting alt-right white supremacy and hate ? this has nothing to do with christianity .
why can't the man be white and the women black ?
why is border wall plan so popular w / these hispanic voters ?
why would the senator's name be contained in records of of #kkk ? oops ..
wikipedia gives basics but fails 2 mention he was fired from massey university or how became muslim . suspect it's self penned .
with the latest on pres . obama's #va scandal  joins #dcwatchlive radio now :
wrong race . white victims = media could care less .
yeah those are specific to white people . try again .
yes  abortion is healthcare . it is also legal.how stupid are you ? seriously ?
yes  and north africa and the me had large populations of basically white looking people at the time  descendants of whom still exist today .
yes .. of ukrainians and germans  both led by the usual suspects !
yes ... #liberals are inviting a far more oppressing ideology than #altright
yes i want clarification ! do you approve of hitler ? be honest
yes it was powerful and proved many racists never left the democrat party and many still dominated in the south after the so called switch !
you actually ... are you implying you're not a jew ?
you and me both brother . someday we'll have franchises all across the ethnostate
you can find confederates and monuments across america !
you can't be too skeptical . the level of deception is greater than i would ever have believed .
you got a good lateral-thinking brain hunter .
you guys are right  it's all the jew's fault  white men didn't enslave several continents  spread death / disease  rape the environment
you had literally 1 protest where none of your people attempted to kill anyone & you act like you deserve the nobel peace prize
you hate white people  simply 4 being white . you want to spread that hate and increase it . you hope 4 evil things.you want whites to hate you  so you can lie : look  they hate me bc im black.but  vast majority of black people are good . they deserve better than you .
you mean ashleel bharat ratna like surjewalla sr and mla of delhi ?
you support white cops who kill people who look like my husband . admit it . you think brown people are less than .
you will not succeed in your goal of a white ethno-state ! #heatherheyer will not die i
you're a great communicator and you're doing what fantastic job . keep it up patriot ! ! !
you're a white supremacist bigot billionaire who will get his one day
you're right . clearly they were methodists . in reality  he was killed while going to meet jihadist kidnappers . they killed him .
you've been lied to . italians are white
your hate for religious people blinds you to it .
your point 2 white supremacist got arrest for plotting to kill obama shor
youre a disgusting racist .
yup . that's why racism still exist . everybody wants to make everything racist .. every event racist  every word racist  every statue now .
"  "" : : expulsion of white farmers has destroyed zimbabwe "" "" ; """
"  "" : leibstandarte adolf hitler t-shirt from the white resister | read more : "" "" ; """
"  "" donald trump positions which unsettle you now was the white mainstream opinion in 1965 . "" "" via """
"  "" every time we kill a child through abortion  we kill our potential . "" "" #whywemarchh / t """
"  "" global terrorism "" "" ? what a joke . more like global racist white supremacism . """
"  "" i would never want my daughter or anyone's daughter 2go 2 planned parenthood . "" "" """
"  "" if we care about white people every other race will die "" "" . jeez bro you should stop being so hateful """
"  "" master race "" "" ? well thanks  but "" "" white people "" "" will do . """
"  "" race is a social construct "" "" then why do u intellectually disabled socialists moan there are "" "" too many white people "" "" in events etc """
"  "" tear down that wall ! "" "" """
"  "" white honor "" "" please  tell me what the israelites / hebrews / jews ever did to you ? """
"  "" your people "" "" is an imagined concept . it isn't empirical or measurable . europeans are unified only by a common market and currency . """
" . in your article  "" white rage and racist thought  "" "" you call white supremacist richard spencer "" "" robert spencer . "" "" kindly correct . """
" . stupid screed . jihad terror isn't a race .  "" white "" "" jihadis as evil as "" "" brown "" "" ones . """
" 2 components comprise dem  "" white privilege "" "" bs : ( 1 ) "" "" blacks have lower social functioning "" "" ( 2 ) "" "" cause of ( 1 )= slavery . "" "" both = racist bullsh * t """
" 3 . you are completely naive if you think legislation can  "" make america white again "" "" . this could only be done through massive amounts 1 / """
" 4 ) furthermore  guy on free republic with contact to bannon also denied  "" quitting "" "" story . media fabrica """
" america yes : new children's book will feature gay black santa and his white  "" husband "" "" via """
" answering your claim that south historically had one  "" white "" "" culture . america's had four distinct briti """
" could it be true ?  "" so this is how the white race ends - with thunderous applause . "" "" #wpww #aryan #whitepride #news """
" death threat be warned white men ! ! national review : white working class  "" deserve to die "" "" via """
" doesn't calling them  "" islamic state "" "" justify and validate that their claims of "" "" caliphate "" "" are accurate ? """
" eventually  someone worse than trump will come along  and the media will already have blown their  "" he's hitler ! "" "" insult """
" for the record  is classified as a hate group by the and is sponsoring the  "" build the wall "" "" hashtag . """
" he will have a nice job and because of his third tier law school experience it will be in a  "" thinkology tank "" "" ! """
" hey guys  the whole  "" identity "" "" thing is really catching on . y'all accepting credit for this one or nah ? """
" i particularly enjoyed the resounding chorus of chads united in parlance  "" affirmative action "" "" . we are truly a united people . """
" i'm against feminism . i don't hate women as such though . i disagree with the ideology and social order and oppose liberalism down the line . how can you  "" secure a future for white children "" "" without half of our race ? """
" icymi : white union members oppose amnesty because they are  "" rabidly racist "" "" #afire #teaparty #p2 """
" if pres trump is  "" combatting ' "" "" white supremacy  how is that racist ? """
" if the question is  "" why do you hate white people ? "" "" the answer i """
" ignored  "" by presenting issues for whites only on local media affiliat """
" in the uk ~ brits regard people of india-subcontinent as  "" asians "" "" """
" islamophobe defined in 20 secs w / via youtube  "" the white house's islamophobia "" "" """
" it should be changed to  "" proud to be white "" "" . """
" liberalism has always been on this trajectory . it has always undermined social hierarchies and cultural norms . the woman question is one facet of the larger issue . it really is a slippery slope from the  "" rights of man "" "" to atheism amd transgenderism """
" most muslims aren't arab . most christians aren't white . yet they would never call critics of christianity  "" racist "" "" """
" note  "" high-iq "" "" the donald's use of meaningless subjective adjectives to describe something objectively valuable ( or not ) to society ... """
" only in america could so many  "" oppressed "" "" people be so morbidly obese """
" people who are against national socialism typically know nothing about it . their source of  "" knowledge "" "" is the ' almighty tv ' #fact #facebook """
" please publicize this upcoming  "" event "" "" because #ppsellsbabyparts & #defundplannedparenthood """
" retweeted american renaissance ( ): from our report  "" welfare : who's on it  who's not . "" "" ... """
" rt  "" : south africa government : no guarantee for safety of white farmers via "" "" """
" rt  "" millions of eu christians were kidnapped & enslaved by muslims in n . africa btwn 1530 & 1780 "" "" slavery is sunna of mo """
" rt :  "" good work brothers and sisters in russia  we the white race in south africa salute you all "" "" riaan redvox roetz ht ... """
" rt :  "" white people need to die . "" "" - by bill kristol """
" rt : fbi stats again belie  "" islamophobia "" "" myth """
" rt : headlining today's washington update  "" left to their own devices "" "" """
" rt : politico headline :  "" poll : steady support for #immigration "" "" really ? #afire """
" rt : shri congratulating bjp president shri  "" """
" rt even more important than to kill militants  you have to kill the narrative   "" former isis captive tells me """
" rt german embassy  paris .  "" far-right "" "" protesters oppose eu illegal quota . """
" rt hitler becomes anti-racist and opens  "" rainbow office "" "" in israel ( video ) via """
" rt how dare you complain about racist  "" abuse "" "" ? are white people the problem with britain ? you're the biggest racist here """
" rt i have photos of the  "" white supremacists "" "" you are speaking about here . """
" rt unbelievable cruelty . watch the video if you can . :  "" #vegan #vegetarian #compassion #love #pets """
" splc recently slapped him  "" white-nationalist "" "" label for "" "" white america ~ coming apart "" "" """
" spray paint  "" southern lives matter "" "" on union monuments in dixie . """
" that slogan is eerily similar to  "" tomorrow belongs to me "" "" which is a cabaret song sung by nazi's about the third reich """
" the  "" mainstream "" "" is degenerate via #weimerica #altright #altsouth """
" the  "" white house "" "" and "" "" the white resister "" "" united with ukraine against russia ... how adolf hitler . * lol * """
" the general trend is true of course . be wary of numbers bc  "" non-white "" "" can be code for white / hispanic """
" the land of  "" freedom "" "" : more than 100 national socialists escaping in zionist occupied germany | read more : """
" there is no such thing as  "" white people "" "" """
" this woman is infuriating . >  "" the white power movement "" "" reeeeeeeeeeeeeeee """
" trump is white . he's  "" racist "" "" by default.anti - racist is a code word for #antiwhite . """
" trump's tax plan makes jeb bush look like a  "" populist "" "" on taxes """
" uk : proud racist sent back to jail for  "" hate speech "" "" | full story : """
" via uk : jihad murderer of british soldier on london street is  "" honest  upright and ... #tcot """
" we'll  actually  it was created with the notion of  "" human equality "" "" ... but in a time where only white christians were deemed "" "" human "" "" . :) """
" white student union  "" offensive "" ""  but anti-white student union is welcome at toronto | more : """
" why not advocate for white people having more white babies ? doesn't that make sense :  "" for us & our posterity "" "" ... meekness """
" yes . and man is imperfect  like you and isis members . a fool will read  "" don't kill "" "" as kill like u lol """
" you are speaking gibberish . are a diversity denialist  obviously racist . america is not a  "" white country "" "" . its a melting pot . the world will be a melting pot and we will unite as the "" "" human race "" ""  not an arbitrary melanin based one . we will export as much human aid as possible """
" you think the  "" white race "" "" is "" "" on the ropes "" "" as poc are being hunted and killed by stat """
# _ even black money holders are in que ! thank you ji
#altrightbritish podcaster reality calls calls interviews race-realist jared taylor of american renaissance
#aryans have been assaulted for years - long overdue to fight for our existence : ... and the white race is at risk
#bluelivesmatter white terrorist want to make this about race .
#congressbrownbritish this is why british & later #brownbritishcong destroyed bharat & it's sanskriti ! ! #hindurise
#defundpp louisiana doesn't need . it's time to video :
#ifcbiraids raj prisec rajcm does not cry fowl vs delhi prisec #psychokejri shouts #vendetta daal kali hey
#ny : two muslims charged with aiding taliban #islam #islamophobia #tcot #terrorism
#racist hate group has wealthy benefactors . running repeated twitter ads against every dem senator . #racist liars
#sweden : blue flight : swedish cops are quitting in droves - hope they held on to their weapons  going to need them .
#votetrump even cia gets smart on white house delusion :
#wpww #workingclass are you carrying on the work of george rockwell ? i liked your site .
' god can do in a moment what we can't do in a lifetime . ' - #istandsunday watch live :
' holocaust ' debate / comments / news buried train gold rush : as speculation grows about a train that has bee ...
' holocaust ' debate / comments / news holocaust revisionism as an intellectual adventure / who said this ? : th ...
' holocaust ' debate / comments / news jim rizoli interviews fred leuchter 2015 : ...
' white history month ' sign stirs up flemington via
* charlottesville  va : judge rules in favor of alt-right ; antifa slashes tires & knocks out windows via
* white history
- : #lazyfilmdescriptions the greatest american  george lincoln rockwell - #natsoc #education
- : kkklanneed to report illegals contact ice swordpack  on sale now !
- declare antifa a terrorist organization  sign and share :
. [ fact ] coca-cola founder & inventor col . john pemberton was a slave owner and democrat .
. explains the significant decline in abortions - #prolife #theyfeelpain
. i fasted literally all afternoon  and cruz still cratered . nothing works !
. says bring on the snow ! #marchforlife #whywemarch #weareprolife #blizzard2016
. what unites gop on this 150th anniversary is their opposition 2 progressive legislation tt gave rise 2 their party
... ' when an antifa beat down a scumbag bigot ' for his country ! ! ! #uppitybigots
... and we will forever be different . embrace the difference  remember your heritage and love your people . is this such a terry thing to ask ?
... how about white people who didn't know their ancestors were enslaved by other white people ?
... so i insist in my questionwhat / which sharia is to be followedwhen jihad is the subject ?
... was that integration would destroy white hegemony . you seem to mean gay people will destroy it for heteros .
1 ) white nationalists have killed more people than muslims since 9/11
1 / for an organization to exist as long as antifa has then it is being well financed . and financed by m
100 % agree . ' whites = more iq '  if true  is a moot point : intelligence is but one dimension of humanity . very reductionist approach to life .
100 % agree . the founders envisioned a white ethno state . ppl disaffected by the flag ought
14 / the midwest is less racial than the south . a much bigger divide between charlie sykes-type cucks and the white working class
15 year old white danish girl blinded by african muslims in hate crime | read more : via
1967 was the summer of love - 50 years later it's the summer of hate #wakeupamerica #altright #tcot via
2 ) . we should do some research on the racial demographics of the area .
2 / we will be long destroyed before the money runs out and thats just media power  govt  academic  etc
3/23 / 1912 on his 27th - bd wernher von braun shows off his rockets to an unimpressed #hitler >
45000 register already to attend modi event in silicon valley . hinduphobic petitioners once again get slap on face .
72 % agree the govnt has been too intrusive #rfra #standforrfra #livefaithfullync
: #exposethemall another angle on one of the antifa scumbags . who attack a 16 year old kid .
: ' oh is just free trade and pro milo but we're not with those awful white supremacists ! don't hurt us ! '
: . : #prolife movement at ' historic moment ' ? h / t
: afghan guide on american troops : don't be offended  they're just ignorant
: allow us to explain our upcoming supreme court case ( yes  we have another supreme court case )
: chief cochran was fired by a public entity for his private views . - #sotf #atl #firedforfaith
: did you know ? 50 % of the illegal alien population would receive amnesty through the dream act . # ...
: disgusting how much these people hate america . they are ignorant of the magnitude of things jefferso
: dr . david duke : will the white race survive ? ( video ) via
: e . u . authorities brace for return of islamic state jihadis after mosul assault
: elder  be careful what you say now  or she might call you a racist !
: germany : islamic organisation demands crosses be covered during muslim burials
: islamic state destroys armenian genocide memorial church in syria
: it really only takes common sense & a removal of the blinders people wear to see that yes  we're right  100 % .
: khamenei praises islamic revolutionary guards who captured us sailors  crows about americans with hands on heads
: president obama's new religious voter outreach at odds with failing social record ;
: rt : congress wants all cars to be equipped with recording devices #nwo #zog #zionism ...
: self-professed leaders of the american working class march in al to support illegal alien workers #afire ...
: so stylish  especially when it was designed by moslem dior . you know he used to be christian before he converte
: so what if they are white men ? are you anti-white  katy ?
: spencer versus the leftist / islamic alliance  stuttgart  germany  june 2 : here is video of my talk before v ...  ...
: the end of a myth : most new serial killers in america are not white males
: the new congo war : great power politics  rising nationalism spread mayhem and murder as africa develops .
: those people are dead thanks to policies you support  dominic.they are collateral damage to yo
: to loudmouth idiot and racist jemele hill ; potus trump isn't a white supremacist but bill clinton is . i bet you voted for
: true  at the time i had not completed my research and you would have won . now i am ready .
: video : latino kkk says you are too white to be american #afire #tcot #teaparty illegal ...
: white helmets at demo
: white separatist author weissberg on : #lgf #p2 #tlot #p21 #noh8
: why planned parenthood wont provide mammograms | first things
: you can help stop over 300000 abortions per year . stand with us to end abortion ! #givingtuesday
: you will not succeed in your goal of a white ethno-state ! #heatherheyer will not die in v
: yup  the white supremacists ! !
> implying that black people still dont deal with the same level of racism ?
> nationalist social contract  the people will recognize that .
a family of idiots ! jeb bush sees no constitutional right to marriage equality via
a muslim doing sukhmani shaib at golden temple . muslims are quietly exiting #islam & returning to original faiths
a white ethno-state would not tolerate abortion for healthy white babies . i abhor individual expressionism in all its forms .
a white man that says he is black tells lies . you dont say .
about 64 % white .
administrative reforms are under way . the niti aayog website will be ready in a few days . the process for transforming india has begun !
adolf hitlers mein kampf will be published in germany for the first time since wwii | more :
after russia's attack on #isis  azamgarh's #isis militants have asked for help . want to come back india . lol # _
after the moore debacle . bannon's endorsement means nothing . trump's endorsement means nothing . this is the consequence of abandoning the agenda for a corporate one . they have lost their mandate sorry to say .
aint that america : secrets of the living dolls : after president barack obama issues his new gender identity a ...
all they do is putting a few papers on a building and take a nice group picture and boom the j-media does the job for them and sends the message to millions of people . for free . you mad brah ?
all you see is skin color . you're more racist than the people you are accusing !
also  usa is less than 300 years old  so of course it wasn't around when algebra was created .
also  you clearly have no clue what it means to be european .
always inspired by for #maga
america is an extension of europe but the political class is now overwhelmingly anti-white . groups like needed desperately !
america is such a white supremacist country that our government is importing brown ppl by the millions makes sense
america isn't a white country australia isn't a white country . none of your countries were originally inhabited by whites
america the word ? it was here already ! ! ! people lived here already ! ! ! stop surfing white supremacists websites and watching faux news !
ancient white jewellery !
and it was white non muslims who massacred 6 million jews and crusaders who massacred jews
and now the reporter or whatever he is says white women are racist because they bump into him !
and talking about terrorist threats at the winter olympic games in sochi : #dcwatchlive
and the kkk is just another leftist radical group putting gas on the fire .
and they'll say he's a white muslim .
and this here  all white and just one black guy in the back ...
and your nativism  ableism  transphobia  cis-gendered heteronormativity  all rolled into your white privilege !
another ( ( white ) ) supremacist ethno-nationalist
another liberal i presume lol . ok you wanna defend this racist hate group ?
anti-white #racism in america | #news #genocide #politics
antifa attacking clean cut looking men wearing polo shirts waving the stars & stripes . great optics
any conference is a great conference when is involved ! ! so thankful for these
any mexi attending sdsu is more priviledged than 99 % of whites who ever lived in the us #altright stfu mexi
anybody who's white  too .
ap declares cruz mathematically eliminated from first-ballot delegate race
are you talking about white males like these ?
as muslims stormed garissa university  she prayed & drank body lotion to survive
as thousands more migrants reach germany  pope francis calls for european sanctuary :
attn : all white people : here's yoir eake up call >
australia : police fear freed islamic jihadists could return to jihad video #islam #islamophobia #tcot
baloch genocide is intensified by army  carrying out brazen acts of human rights violations . bnm march 31  ...
because christian = white and we must support the oppressed poc instead .
because people think they are good christian conservatives .
bern victim : sanders wars against nominee's faith :
black nationalists and white nationalist are being suspended and you see no correlation ? nationalism - love of your people and culture is being banned from twitter ...
black people are redlined to preserve high property value and quality schools and safe streets .
black serial armed robber disguised himself as a white nationalist skinhead via
black serial armed robber disguised himself as a white skinhead via
blacks who tortured white man charged with hate crimes | american free press
blatant piece of doublespeak from joe biden . violent antifa depicted as brave opponents of ha
both are still racist
breaking : texas permanently bans taxpayer funding of abortion
brit-pos tara also posted hers awhile back ~ the dubious dna surprisingly has no south asi
britain : 16 year old white girl kills herself to avoid being called racist | read more : via
britain will be racist again  regardless . if your people won't be racist  the muslims
britney ! the flying nun ! anti-immigration conference attacked by a band of islamists via
broadway what it is did j.we . jouir doire c guys n dolls re : c
broke : building white citieswoke : building white cities to promote national chauvanism in a god-tier manner
btw  islam isn't a race !
build a wall along the california border . will see how long they last against the cartels .
build the wall around the white house .
but act  you're racist and hate all people of color and muslims  right ! ? oh ... wait  you don't ? you a
but don't forget democrats say they have the moral high ground .
but it's because of a white supremacist duhhhh .
but the left can't be racist sounds racist to me . selective outrage is absolutely outrageous . we should hate all murder ! ! !
buttttttt it's cause and effect muhhhhhh white supremacy
cake baker fights for religious freedom support fight 4 our religious rights #tgdn #catholics #pjnet
called for biblical gay death penalty  explain your pro-life hate to gay teen braeden
can i join ? im part white :)
can i join your elite cod organisation . im a designer for the best team in the world ( bolt ) and can make non racist posters !
can't believe talking about race gets you banned . anti white racism .
charlottesville changed my way of thinking .
chicago showers locker room policy with criticism - i would never let my daughters be subject to this . :
china suggests joint south china sea drills with aseanvia :/ /
cities cannot bestow citizenship . only the federal govt can confer citizenship .
cnn too ? ? ? lol cnn already reported on uk no go
come to think of it  how many people did you challenge to fight you at amren ?
come watch the fine lads at and talk about race and european heritage at !
comments on this are hysterical . two different worlds collided at charlottesville .
conceived in white nationalism
congratulations on signing mou with pakistan .. ! ! inc is now pakistan national congress ( pnc ) ? ?
congratulations to the alliance defending freedom . i love the new name ! :) !
congress hurled every abuse in the dictionary at me but i kept quiet because that's my culture : narendra modi
continues to feed narrative that news media can't be trusted #liberties
conversion to white advocacy : the social nexus :
corruption  of course we are indigenous to europe . evolution evidence ! judge a j * * ? #loxism #antiwhites
court rules that farmers should have violated their religious beliefs #religiousfreedom #tcot
crooked hillary clinton says that she got more primary votes than donald trump . but i had 17 people to beatshe had one !
cruz has nowhere to go but down from here . by march 15  the south will have voted  one caucus state will be left  and few more cuck states
cuck erickson : america's dr . mengele and open white supremacists love trump
cuckservatives : trump and white identitypolitics
cyberattack on german steel mill inflicts serious damage
dattopant thengdi is india's least highlighted nationalist . salutes 4 bhartiya mazdoor sangh
david irving is not at the staybridge suites in st . louis . please stop throwing bricks through their windows .
dear - if it is not fake - why did u delete it . aap & cong hand in hand ?
democrats why you so mad ? it's because you know eight years of that coward obama's hope and change still couldn't make america great again !
depends who you ask . official line is they're formally breaking with the rest of the alt-right . not informally with meetup groups but formally in the sense of public activism . inside baseball knowledge is a little less friendly .
dianne  i watched this video where you speak about the problem issues with illegal immigration ... what on earth happened ? ? why have you changed your mind on this extremely important issue ! ! ? ? we taxpayers are so burdened by paying for these immigrants while our own families suffer
did i mention that is designated as a white supremacist hate group by the southern poverty law center ?
did maxine waters ever call the clintons or robert white sheets byrd a racist ?
do you identify as white ?
do you really think those white supremacist are democrats ? ? . you know everyone of them are republicans and most likely voted trump
do you trust modi .. rt and share if you agree
don't get brainwashed by the idea that standing up for your people is selfish  that's what ( ( ( they ) ) ) want you to believe . it's natural
don't make the white kids angry . #unitetheright #charlottesville
douglas  sorry  not seeing any cspan link here :
dr dismisses chinese manufacturing miracle  says india has nothing to learn from china via
drugs have always been the white mans downfall . so much for white privilege .
educate yourself before you cause more hate crimes . this white supremisist propaganda does not fool anyone here .
either obama runs for a third term or he becomes the next un secretary general with moon retiring now november ...
elin krantz : just another dead white liberal female va
essence used to wear only white garments > hawaari-yoon
european planters lacked prior knowledge of rice farming unllike long history of skilled rice cultivation in west africa . #fact
ever spent much time in africa & third world ? i have . i know what poverty is .
every pick so far has been from the pool of establishment media / political / financial hacks
exactly ! we are black and white gay and straight we disagree on lots of things but we all agree that is the man 4 the job
fair is inherently racist and the splc declares it a hate group . here's their history from wikipedia :
fair is racist . is it a hate group ? you decide -->
fair was started by white supremacist john tanton . are you a white supremacist ?
feel sorry for white and minority taxpayers
feeling is one thing  this shooter inspired by wh & blm was shooting white people because they were white . bad
fellow white people
first amendment guarantees students right to pray  meet & discuss religious topics . period !
first celebrated people possibly losing healtthcare . now it celebrates people possibly losing their voting rights . #uptrumpsbutt
foiled by twitter : british couple found guilty of planning london terrorist attack
former druggie who has the perfect recipe for scrambled eggs but has no clue about his scrambled brain . he fried it long ago and is again .
fox news poll : trump widens lead in gop race  clinton-sanders tightens | fox news |
frankly most of modi minsters are burden to modiji himself .
from the white house to the outhouse ... :
fyi 2 re : white power covert sigint from
germany : police calling for racial separation of foreign invaders va
glenn beck's constitution worship explained via #mormons #constitution #cuckservatives
good . we need a purge .
good optics .
google warns that court order removing muhammad video will create hollywood chaos
government departments are harassing law abiding citizens more under your regime in name of various catch phrases .
great ! you can't support the naacp and cbc yet deny white people the right to organize .
great time to learn about marxism lmao
great video from - must watch : insight - white girls black dolls : destroying white bias
hahahahaha you poor straight white christians who hate gay people are so persecuted awww
hang in there kiddo . but  be aware these anarchist / leftoid types are sucker punching people .
hate  hate  hate this is what divides islam  catholic  jewish  black  white  yellow  girls  boys  just words sad
hate crimes are worse than people throwing acid in someone's face .
have you ever read the background of the man disney ? his history is steeped in the occult as well as sexual perversion and satanism .
he hasn't failed ... less than 3mos and has accomplished alot .
he later apologized for his racist stupidity  but he has a tremendous case of
he won't what a shame for you . i'm white i'm bright and i hate you
he would make a great man in the white house
he's a black dylann roof . he's an anti-white .
he's not waterboarding rogue mayors . that's possible and i'm 100 % sure it would work .
he's referring to white supremacists  geniuses ...
headed to the #savemeriam rally outside of white house now :
headley took pictures in mumbai & delhi ( incl ndc ) planned to kill several sr officers in delhi . met #hafizsaeed & isi officers in pak
here's why the #fakenews media is pushing an agenda of hate ! must read !
heyy anp ! watch the ( worldwide sports failures ) music video by scorpions i'm leaving you song edit by germans
hillary wants open borders ! when america becomes over populated  we will see shanty towns across our beautiful country
his victims were basically entirely white .
honestly  who's the money behind fair ? they're paying to drop these ads .
honestly ? women are attracted to successful  good looking men . period . attempting to appeal to women is
how a little sign can mean big things for freedom : #scotus #religiousfreedom #freespeech
how about a law that bans abortion if the father disapproves or doesn't sign off on it . cuckservatives have done absolutely nothing to advance or protect men's rights . #mra
how about repealing outdated  offensive federal laws against native whites in the south and west ?
how america's dying white supremacist movement is seizing on donald trump's appeal
how are they white supremacist though ?
how can there be white nationalism or europe vased nationalism without violence or genocide . we are all americans  how can you have a pure european america ?
how do you determine who's a white american ? what are your criteria ?
how would i know they are white supremacists without ever going to their website ?
hrc foundation never use imported workers unlike trump
i admire people like rockwell  and believe he set the groundwork for this movement  but olde
i agree assad is not our enemy  the globalists are.includes all democrats and republican leadership.also media .
i am a white male and i say white privilege does exist . your move  brad .
i don't believe there was such in america's past b / 4 20th century . i've told people in other countries @ dna / race forums
i don't know  why care about media and perception at all ?
i don't know . the tradwives and some precincts of the alt-right might be with trump on this . not the majority :
i don't see any white people
i don't see the aclu as racist they fought for the right of white supremacist to protest and won in court . it's the principle
i dont take light 2 people disrespecting white history as i wouldnt disrespect the history of any race tho . we all at one point were slaves .
i haven't seen r spencer & p geller shouting kill the islamists  behead them & so on
i know many #proudboys feel alienated right now by the anti-white crackdown behaind the scenes . is here when you are .
i know you're inactive but i'm a little annoyed at one of your members . he seems to like dogs better than cats .
i know you're ms white and proper but just remembered what your forefathers did to the native americans ftrump !
i looked at your pics to . and im glad your proud to be white   but i hope you dont like it to the point that you will divide . i didnt know whites went through slavery and i didnt know that white people systematically have had legislature to oppress them as a people
i mean how is the gop gonna survive general if its shrillest champions of corporate tax cuts and mid east wars leave for greener pastures ?
i resent kasich wasting so much of my time #gopdebate
i respect your opinion . maybe the laws can be reformed to make immigrating easier .
i see what you're saying but honestly we are looking at fascism in many colors - the united colors of anarchy ...
i stand sunday . stand up for religious freedom . check out this article from :
i think it's less risky to honk horn & edge forward slowly  to avoid being surrounded &
i think lots of young people can't figure out why we spent trillions of dollars to build a liberal democracy in iraq
i think paige could benefit from reading this : more race realism  less moralistic
i think you should offer advice to your own people about how to fix the bla
i'll bet white people  when provoked  are quite capable of ddiplaying an infinitely greater solidariy
i'm about to go live at the league of the south 2017 national convention . watch the livestream through .
i'm beginning to suspect you are a white supremacist maam
i'm jewish  which means i'm a not white
i'm pro-white  but i can't get along with anyone from spencer and npi on down because of optics amd associations . maybe there is another variable here ?
i've seen a lot in my day and if you're some weird government-sponsored co-op i don't know what it is local news weird insider people that hate christianity but try to become a father to try to destroy it from th
id agree about political beliefs arguably being worth status as a protected class . im less interested in measuring worth by degree of government force absent any other context  though . 1/2
if every person chipped in $ 25 we could start on border wall and security  until correction of trade deficit with mexico starts producing $ $
if harvey weinstein converts to christianity & becomes republican  & other fake christians will find a way to say he's a great guy .
if merkel thinks 1m syrian immigrants are going to go home peacefully  after 2 years  she is more deluded than first thought #leaveeu
if trump isn't more careful about his retweets  the media is going to start calling him a fascist . can he survive that kind of bad press ?
if yall wont me dead so bad favorite and we go to war . you the kkk to .
if you access  donate ! we need #altright media
if you're going to be there be sure to have cameras and record everything . do what you can to be safe
if you're going to define confederate heritage by only slavery  it's only fair to defi
im not a white supremacist . its like ive been saying ... i know there are people like thatim not one of themits racist to keep painting me w an ideology i not only despise  but have been fighting against my whole life !
imagine .. wat if they bcme ministers ... modi would keep them on their toes for 5years ...
important to recall mass killings . but selective #history course is alarming . skips genocides in #india  does a monkey-balancing . #kolkata
in a white homeland ? surely not !
incidentally white | chronicles magazine
india is passing through a sad phase ; how can any yadav be friends with beef eaters ?
interracial marriage in us hits new high : 1 in 12 ! read more : via
ir is heading towards digital india to bring transparency in ir  thus these it enabled applications hv been launched .
is a hate group they hate white people
is a true racist !
is hosting an conference to train #lawyers how to fight against #lgbt equality :
is part of a group called solidarity us who are revolutionary socialists :
is the description of a muslim : one who unequivocally adheres to the fundamentals of islam ?
israel teaching american police chiefs strategies on counter-terrorism
it is . i see all races who are pro-america . have you been paying attention . trump wasn't elected by white supremicists .
it says a lot about bow wow's people that this is so common in their culture
it's been less than 2months after c'ville . talk about short memories . there are already jail cells and
it's being covered and documented . it went from alt right to white nationalists to white su
it's big  very big  if people understood the significance like you and i do .
it's confusing . angry was to nour - u'r questions was  why r u racist towards white people ?
it's failed reganomics all over again ! ! why do people stay stuck in stupid gear ! ! !
it's okay to be white campaign - changed culture - massive exposure  tens of thousands of normies clicked on tweets  articles  tweeted and talked about it - media looked ridiculous for criticizing an effective style we can extend to our event activism
it's the worldview you have  that whites are som
it's true  pretty sure he was a bed wetter too
it's white history month
its taken them awhile  but thankfully more whites are awakening to the destruction of their culture by the cultural marxists .
its time for #racist scumbags like to #stfu .
jamelle bouie : government by white nationalism is upon us via
jared taylor on jews
jared taylor was strong throughout and didn't back down ! excellent . i love how he was able to counter her claims so effectively .
jesus . the way the media calls trump racist  i wonder how long its gonna be before they start saying he hates white people too
jewish alt-right backer mocks neo-nazi for scrapping montana rally via
jihadis never  ever abandon caliphate . be not fooled . they take a long-term view
join us in praying for the shooting victims  first respondenrs  and all impacted by shooting at navy yard this am :
just in : 38 % of trump supporters in sc wish south had won the civil war
keep up the fight for our people  and never back down .
kejriwal refuses to salute tricolour at national flag-hoisting via
kennedy : donald trump must be destroyed #cuckservative
kessler also contributed to cnn . i was on the fence about wallace until tonight when he
khazarocrat hypocrisy is neither heritage nor hate  but a threat to the american way - then and now
kiran bedi as central minister will be better administrator than kejriwal .
kori ali muhammad shoots and kills random white people and is racist by his social media posts . he is a black dylan roof ! death penalty ! !
ku klux klan : the invisible empire t-shirt from the white resister :
latvia : thousands hold stop white genocide rallies via
latvian lawmakers to march in celebration of the waffen-ss | read more : via
leave south carolana now.listen to killed lil john beat by gwapo brown #np on #
liberals cover this up . and conservatives remain silent . only #anp14 . com represents the white race .
like you don't know a white suprmscists ( which i doubt ) i don't know a single person who alleges everyone is a racist or that everything is racist .
lil *
literally not of the white race
live presentation on religious liberty check out
live-stream : march for marriage in washington d . c . lifesitenews
lol  guess this means conservatism is inviting 12 million more democrat voters into the country
lol hate labels huh yet wanna call trump a racist ?
lol the only pro alt audience you have are the brain dead . now be a
lol you're a coward . you have the entire state  academic and corporate apparatus propping morons like you up . gtfo of here lol . say anything that a black person disagrees with and you risk getting fired from your job and having violent communist antifa threaten your life .
look racist you just said you weren't calling him a racist ? so what is this some of that their is no there  there ! #doubletalk
lord knows we need it . get rid of #antifas asap & lock up george soros and his entire family
louie gohmert helped cover-up felonies committed against my family by corrupt texas leos .
love & loyalty to our white race = greatest virtue
love how they even used our op hash tag #opkkk good job !
lyin ted cruz steals foreign policy from me  and lines from michael douglas just another dishonest politician .
madam i know this guy is lunatic but a random bjp guy did something indecent  you all made issue  why not now ?
mamata's peaceful tmc mp idris ali praises zakir naik who inspired indian youth for terrorism .
maybe the wall will be made of one way mirrors ? i think land mines would be cheaper and a greater deterrent !
me too . trump's disavow was the best thing that happened to the alt-right cause now we don't have to tone it down .
media was praying he was white
merkel sets netanyahu straight on german culpability for holocaust via
milo ( ( ( right wing ) ) )
milo is done . spencer is right . this presser was his last chance and he wasn't defiant enough .
mitch mccuck and failed presidential candidate john kasich unite to support antifa via
more rss people should join powerful twitter to spread the nationalist message of our beautiful lords ram  krishna & shiva
moshe  did you really have best friends who were white ? i dont believe youve been close with white people .
mr taylor is there a european renaissance group affiliated to and if not can we create one ?
mt planned parenthood : number 1 enemy of access #birthcontrol #abortionpill #tcot
muslims hate jews . anti semitic hate crime is being committ
nc .  protecting the freedom to believe ! :
neo-nazis have given anti-semitism a 21st century makeover :
nice try sparky ... fake news just like yourself ! ! !
no  it makes you sound stupid  not racist .
no  we are national socialist party ; firm not weak .
no more will we take from you ! get out of our white house .
no one else does either . they don't exist . all i do is for principles in un decl of human rights
no racism and ignorance are disgusting to me . you cannot do anything to make america white again .
no re-branding is needed  america's roots are white nationalism . #redpillamerica #americanhistory #makewamericanschooseiftheywanttobeamerican
no tax dollars for this wall
no way ! i can't support carson if he's for amnesty
no-one is promoting genocide of non whites . you just have to say bigoted thing
noone is harming / killing anyone cause of their race the people the media call white supremacists are really race realists  or separatists
nortg africans were white not sub saharan .
not racist just ignorant .
not sure . it definitely looked like a traveling circus . it really should be illegal to have that many c
not sure referencing evropa when making a plea for american workers makes sense .
not sure what you are looking for me me to say . not something that can be it
not syrians but pakistanis in german refugees-that country finished ! !
not true .
obama declares war on white people seeking jobs or education  wants to increase anti-white racial quotas : #tcot #p2
obviously  trump was better off not going to the cuck state forum
obviously he deserved it  white racist
of course  religious leaders should be able to endorse political candidates  if they so choose .
oh ! so battle is now equal to killing innocent civilians god save india
oh ? i'm pretty sure i do . affluent families do not generally send their kids to the military in america dude .
oh charlottesville
oh i'm sure . it takes a long time . many generations . but it always happens . history is your friend
oh you white supremacist you ... wait  what ? oh
on whose behalf is raising issues ? even aap volunteers question his leadership !
once upon a time we called it the clinton news network . but that name fits too .
one less legal voter for the left . that's a felony .
one of the many shortcomings of white supremacists is their inability to understand which murders are newsworthy :
one thing is happening  european unity  the invasion has brought the european family together
one topic that never comes up is why jared kushner was hellbent on buying 666 5th avenue ! ? !
only behan ji gives strong government
only if you are afraid that america is turning non-white . if it is  so what  you wont be here & younger people are not racists fools
only legal citizens of america are indians so  stupid republican white people get on the bus with the mexicans you wish to deport .
only reason is for cheap labor . using illegal immigrants for slavery .
or is it because he supports a white president that people claim is racist with no proof ?
or to silence speech of opponents . just wants whites left alone .
originally southafrica is a black country . go home white people  they are strangers  do you think is it right ?
others having joined aap
out of curiosity have you seen anywhere that estimates the number of muslims that are extremist ?
pa and driver of munde know much more than is presently presumed . offenders are well connected and r able to divert attention
pastors forced to marry gays is a made up problem . like catholic priests forced to wed jews . #nothappening
pastors should not espouse political opinions from pulpit.limits & profanes ministry  takes focus off word of god .
pathetic ! hypocrisy and lies .. adolf eichmanns daughter-in-law defends him on argentinian tv show via
people who showed up for what they believed without being shills or larpers .
persecution of moderate muslims in uk . frightening stuff #religionofpeace
pl do not disturb #h1b visa for engineers  it will hurt american companies and dow will tumble  irregularities be checked
pl join us in mission to dev all undev states / areas of india  so no one need to relocate for job . only sol for dev states prob
pl name the skills that were acquired ; ladies ' make up technology or security guard training ?
please visit our product page for a great selection of real national socialist materials - not trinkets .
politicians trying to make you hate the statues to take attention off of them and people fell for it .
population control with harsh means is top agenda . restore hindu population proportion of 1947 . no voting right if more chldn
pratap simha  bjp mp gets death threat for opposing tipu sultan birth anniversary celebrations . tells me on media not covering
prince phillips gaffes make sense now lol ! #14words
pro-white  anti-white is the real issue . both dems and repubs will ne
prof to all white americans : admit your racist poison via
proof that heidi cruz is an open borders globalist #cruzcrew
purge contd - accounts still up : richard spencer david duke harold covington kevin macdonald mike cernovich
put a black man from cleveland with a black man from colombia . put a white person from ireland and a white from california . not same culture
race hustlers like calling miller a white supremacist with years of white supremacy going ba
racism rising in france : gypsy thief in coma after revenge lynching in paris suburb | more :
rape of europe  5sept2015 #altright
rbi publishes payment and settlement systems in india :
refreshing that you are so open about your white supremacy .
regardless of where you try to do them  any white nationalist rallies / marches will be met w
remember the man who formed pb  gavin mcinnes is alt lite & not interested in saving whites
ritual muti killings is a way of life in rural areas of black south africa | more :
robert spencer stop spreading your hate and your racist propaganda . americans know the real facts !
russia has lots of crime  and it is white ? issue much more than just race ...
sacramento : white nationalists vs antifa scum via
safe and secure ? maybe we should rebuild dams and water management systems they protect where we live first . #nowall #stopfundinghatred
same-sex spouses get new federal rights  holder says via
see ? there are some things black people & white people are in total agreement over .
sen . sessions slams closed-door amnesty bargaining #noamnesty #immigration
shahi imam of tipu sultan shahi mosque  kolkata had threatened that muslims would give call of jihad  if modi is elected to power .
shame on hindus who saw / supported pk
share with friends : . tell bernie sanders no for his flagrant assault on our first amendment rights .
she was killed purposely by professed white racist . that is the hate story to be remembered . your thre
she's so beautiful and white !
short history of the golden circle : south carolina this is a topic that od will be returning to at some point ...
sides both have distinct culture and heritage that should be preserved . to say that on
so  this is white supremacist .
so ... basically shes a typical democrat ? !
so anytime you want to be petty & have a cultural review and examination .. i'll be right here .
so guns don't kill  people kill ... guns ok . abortions don't kill  people kill ... abortions not ok ? hypocrite much ?
so hate speech against muslims will be prosecuted but hate speech against christians  jews  and the nra is encouraged by liberals ? sad !
so if white people are on welfare and are uneducated  they are pathetic  but if a black or hispanic are those things  it's expected ? racist
so much cuck
so sorry and thank you for speaking out . used to be one too  never again . they are evil racist monsters
so where do you stand on america being a country for white people ?
so you agree you're a racist . that's a start
so you hate just about every non white country then
so you were okay with the white rhino going extinct just cuz of the color if it's skin ? that's pretty racist .
so you're saying that only white peopls are peaceful ?
so your saying white lives dont matter ?
someone from hate group testified in favor of #ab190 . fair founder john tanton is a eugenecist obsessed w a white majority .
sorry but documenting something does not mean you agree with it . its a service . #elanephotography
sorry lansing  we got the tapes and confirmations ... up your
steve tennes family farm  banned from farmers market . punished for living out their faith via
stfu that's why the cia labels the kkk as a terrorist organization #gtfothiscountry
still a white supremacist
stop racist fair
support for colorado cake baker jack phillips was enthusiastic and strong at his supreme court hearing yesterday !
sure dude . have fun with your ideology that requires the denial of human nature
sure if the kids belonged to an isis member  it would make 4 great recruiting material . kek
tap scroll think man . you finally have an outsider president for all the people . you can't bet or
ted cruz ate an epic booger on national tv . you can't make this stuff up ! we can't have a booger eater in the wh !
ted cruz is a booger-eating zodiac killer .
ted cruz just named phil gramm his economic advisor . here's gramm's economic legacy .
tennessee is one of the most pro-white states in the union . it's white pop share actually grew 1 % in a decade .
texas : cruz + 1
tfw realize that america's infantry is predominantly white and also nationalist .
thank you  ice .
thank you .. what a wonderful world i live in today  to be apprised of the shining truth from so many wonderful people
thank you friend ! we must all stand together to support our president no matter what our race or religion is !
thank you i have 240 books and counting to learn islam but i appreciate your search thank you #respect
thanks & house constitution subcommittee for discussing threats to religious freedom :
that guy goes to my university lol nathan damigo as much as i dislike the dude for creating idk lol
that poem was written by racist white men and should be changed .
that too . i never said these people were either sane or
that's a shame . also  i'm white .
that's fine . all i am saying is if you do public rallies more people show . you don't want loners like me there  fine . good luck .
that's o . k .  my full blood mexican relatives hate me bc i'm conservative  claim they hate white ppl but all of them married a white person !
that's the reality . my wife is south african and i've been in-country . m
thats a complicated issue that has a lot to do w history . and not all of them are white  as they can be of any race
thats false spin by dems and their propagandist the media .. plle are soundly rejecting obama & policies .. period
the claims of native american ancestry seem explicable  but i remain unconvinced about the other theory . the explosion in regular white folks suddenly announcing their skin colour as their defining feature seems to be the same thing . rootlessness and anxiety ( imo ) .
the current state of the iraqi military
the end of a myth : most new serial killers in america are not white males | more :
the extermination of the white race : the facts about britain and non-white immigration | more :
the free speech & fairness act : restoring first amendment speech rights to churches  charities  & their leaders : #1a
the issue is that most people received their knowledge about blacks from movies  which is fake reality . compare that to real life experience
the left has spuriously labeled gopers racist so often that  when a guy flanked by actual white supremacists rises  conservs dismiss it .
the left is losing their exalted status as defenders of liberty . another white pill
the list of the racist traitors masquerading as congressional representatives of the american people .
the morally principled virtuous moral case for a third party run via
the more you know  the more you hate them .
the perpetrator . for people professing to be christian  you seem to take pr
the white entitlement of bernie bros via
the white privilege oflent
the x-racial crime differential is a mere 3 %  not the whopping 80 % as your sensationalized poster indicates !
their banner lacks all aesthetic value .
there are many good people like this one !
there are many places one can donate to support the alt-right . there are lots of
there is absolutely no reason people aren't armed even in church
there is no white race  now  only one human race  all made in
there should have been zero swastikas ! why do we tolerate american white nationalists adorning themselv
there's no greater threat to america than being divided .
they already have attacked random people at the inaugurati
they are regular white people at this point  but can't ign
they're pure evil .
this flat is for blacks only : shocking racist campaign to force white mum out of home via
this flat is for blacks only : shocking racist campaign to force white mum out of home | read : via
this happens with every outrage shooting event and public is not given full details .. just juicy media footage to stir emotion
this hate against white is unbelievable  i knew that there is hate against whites but what i witness here on twitter is insane ! !
this is a scam . it's a way of trying to hide white supremacy and racism behind white nationalism . these are mutually exclusive but identity europe is hosting a ruse . a conflation of the two  to say if you are against their establishment  you would be against whites . stop the scam
this just in : in alabama  there are no poor white people #demdebate
thomas jefferson and contemporary southern nationalism via
thousands of golden dawn supporters on the streets of athens over arrest of partys leader via
tony perkins : on every measure ... religious practice act family structure predict & produce the best results . #sotf
touch have exposed themselves as the top white nationalist hate groups in #jamesdobson #tonyperkins #reincepriebus #paulryan
trump focuses on islamist extremism guts programs countering white supremacy via
trump must purge the cucks ( priebus et al . ) and surround himself with people who are loyal to him personally .
trump plays the foolish liberal media like a fiddle and they fall for it every time .
trump taps rick perry to lead energy department
trump washes his hands of bathroom order : sessions starts to turn things around .
trump's national populist landslide in alabama via #thesouth #trumpvictory #electionnight
two people go in planned parenthood but only one comes out alive ! #waronbabies
unlike racist scum like you i don't put my self worth in or hide behind social media sites . next ?
update : more explosions heard in #molenbeek with reports of shots fired as police continue operation . - #parisattacks
utah guardsman dismissed for objection to gay marriage . :
utm_source = feedburner & utm_medium = email & utm_campaign = feed % 3a + whiteresister % 2fxo + the + white + resister % 29 # . wd7xodinnvg.twitter via
uweau claire to religious students : your service doesnt count
via : robert spencer in pj media : white house proposes official new race : middle east / nor ... #tcot
via clinton white house ignored 9/11 warnings #tcot
via egypt : muslim brotherhood president morsi spied for hamas and al-qaeda #tcot
vinmo or around that spelling
wait where do white supremacists fit in here ?
was born in the us  my race is white - aka european . i studied politics  economics  and philosophy in college . now i would still know us -
was margaret sanger a racist ?
we are watching you . #opkkk #hoodsoff
we know how patriotic you are mr . india policy ! ! !
we need 2 open a window of real knowledge for born muslims to re-learn & convert . at least go secular
we were tricked to think asserting human rights was racist .
weapons cache & bomb-making instructions found at long island home notice the west german flag right in the middle !
well go save the white race then . jesus what are you waiting for ?
well-equipped : india signs 28 military contracts worth of $ 55 bln in total #indianarmy
what do white liberals like eraserhead think that their assault on white christians will accomplish ?
what do you think mr . prsident ? you're white give us ur wisdom
what does israel have to do with faith  family  and freedom ?
what hinders progress is people like you who are defending a confederate monument in a public park . go back to 1865 racist .
what if we had plants to help make left look even more stupid and hateful ? holding signs sure to upset folks !
what is #antisemitism according to #jews ? #israel #palestine #wakeup #texas #tx
what is manipulation is getting whites to infighting and division .
what is this ? strike and poor consideration towards customers ? is this german way of life ?
what really perturbs me is the misnomer of what people ( especially non southerners ) think a plantation is ...
what scares me is a president who wants to silence anyone in opposition point fingers shifts blame & keeps people so fired up reason is gone
what white genercide it's black people who are getting slaughtered by the police
when are the people of chicago going to wake up and smell the coffee . dump the dumbocrates .
when i say white  i mean a
where did i say antiwhites cannot be white ? not too bright are you ...
where is angela merkel ? fury erupts at german leader amid munich shooting rampage
which is great optics for the right . nothing negative no bad signs . no violence . and yet
white americans . don't give me the whole white people don't exist nonsense .
white americans have remained shockingly european despite decades of race mixing propaganda
white candidate for dnc chair says her job will be to shut other white people down [ video ] via
white christians with guns kill too
white girl bleed a lot : the return of race riots to america va
white guilt ...
white lie
white men are attacking women at a predatory rate . you focus on race because you don't wa
white men are hot .
white natioinalists arent violent aside from the rare insane person which every group has  modern white nationalists are non violent
white nationalism is a tactic
white powder !
white pride america merges with the national socialist movement | read more : via
white race will tell you
white supremacists - the real danger to usa.they killed more americans than any other hate grp
white supremacists are cancer . pure hatred and ignorance . i honestly feel sorry for people who are sick
white supremacists are radicals :d
white supremacists like are the same ppl who opposed daca and think muslims shouldn't live in the us .
white-collar supremacy via #altright
whites choosing not to have children isn't genocide . you are deranged if you think otherwise .
who are the cultural marxists and other propagandists ?
who is that racist white man on that poster ? he looks like the very symbol of the patriarchy
who told you i'm anti white . i'm white myself . how could
why ? he was fighting the british  therefore ?
why are our parks so white ?
why are we stealing high iq people from native cultures that need them ? why do we hate those cultures so much ?
why do you hate black people ? ?
why is following the jewish #adl #aipac #cair model 2 divide america  & attack white americans / christians ?
why is the alt lite supporting him ? i'm pretty sure moore couldn't stand to be in the same room as the degenerate alt lite
why is your name spelled evropa and not europa ? i'm genuinely curious . is it a linguistic throwback ?
why r u critical of whites & r u objectively as critical of blacks or other race ? ur white r u a rapist or want to b
why should we expect differently ? we are a colonized people
why then even post something that assumes white hate being white ? right ?
wikipedia explains the difference between gay  asian  black pride and white pride | read more : via
will b speaking this yr ? ' d his past speeches . ( the ones ive seen on ar's yt channel ) #altright #tcot
will be live at #unitetheright in charlottesville  vasaturday august 12watch here :
women are not your slaves . society changed and you are stuck in the failed philosophies of dead white men .
wow  look at all these racist white people supporting a black man .
wow . you know this is white supremacist garbage  right ?
wrong on many levels . hes a disgrace . america is the land of the free & opportunity that pink was raised by white bc his own black parents didnt want him . his oppression is phony ! ! ! and the are just as ridiculous .
yep #neverromney he couldn't even beat an unvetted illegal alien from kenya ! ! !
yes  i'm that kind of right  #altright  and we're growing in america .
yes & no ~ most prevalent in america ( & hateful racist alt-right crypto-jews & ) not elsewhere
yes i do think it is victimless and no i'm not watching your stupid racist video
you and should create identity weeb
you are right about everything you said they are good whites and they are stupid whites just like other people are racist and bad people
you guys are scum and nearly all of the white race hates you
you guys should join force with and the instead of playing politics over the life of innocent black people .
you mean no to a christian test ... you're quite fine stepping on non-white faiths or non-believers . you just want tax free white sharia .
you mean you're turning your nose up at heimbach's all white trailer-parkistan ?
you should consider one for his book white identity .
you wanna call me racist ? i'd stand with a patriot like than any white antifa coward any day of my life ! !
you're 100 % right  and so does every supporter  i follow for truth & insight & you should too - #maga
you're not alone ... and no you are not a racist ...
you're not understanding . the alt right should have expected this  that ant
you're obsessed with white polos . the entire georgia bulldog fanbase must be stupid larpers every saturday . in their white polos and sperrys
you've expressed enough of your jew-hating  white nationalist views to convince me that you're pretty close . you might be a capitalist  ...
your description claims to honor the original kkk  though . how have you evolved ?
your hate is very ugly & will make you uglier . hate causes wrinkles & heart disease . take off the race colored glasses & see people as people
your justification of #whitegenocide is 12 bar blues ? you are clutching at straws anti white .
your like a feminist ! they do nothing in support of suppressed muslim women .
your national socialist guidlines and work ethic got me promoted today at work . thank you ...
youre aware that australians are white  right ? we have no problems with immigration thats from white nations that are a net positive
"  "" : germany : jewish community bochum asks members to not wear jewish symbols in public anymore "" "" whe .. "" "" """
"  "" : racist black anti-white shooting spree  says tchers taught him to hate whites ; via "" "" """
"  "" elitest "" "" "" "" hate "" "" "" "" supremacy "" "" so  we can't be pro-white without being those things ? how very closed minded and bigoted of you . please leave . """
"  "" hate "" "" is now synonymous with advocating for white people . """
"  "" miss  you are ... you are * very * white . "" "" 0:45 """
"  "" the emptiness many white people feel due to being cut off from our sense of connection "" "" via """
"  "" vile weed ! "" "" """
"  "" we are white and weak and scared of the other "" "" """
"  "" white people used to lynch black people  therefore we should ignore violent jihadists "" "" ? ? ? """
" #afire stands for  "" americans for immigration reform and enforcement "" "" join us ! #tcot #topprog #tlot #sgp #hhrs """
" #valuesofpeace  "" : boko haram leader : "" "" kill  kill  kill  kill  kill christians ! "" "" """
" ' holocaust ' debate / comments / news grammy nominated rapper promotes  "" holocaust denier "" "" : supremacist jews w ... """
" 22 / from the 1980s forward  the  "" mainstream "" "" media begins to lose its monopoly on discourse  mainly to cable news and talk radio """
" : boko haram leader :  "" kill  kill  kill  kill  kill christians ! "" "" """
" : video : nbc news special report on rising white american  "" hate groups "" "" """
" < iframe width =  "" 854 "" "" height = "" "" 480 "" "" src = "" "" "" frameborder = "" "" 0 "" "" allowfullscreen > </iframe> """
" also  look at all the people not attacking  "" us . "" "" this video is 95 % people not attacking you . """
" and yr government -  "" god "" "" #alec / #nra says : "" "" only good ( w ) guys killing "" "" bad "" "" ( brown-skinned  sinning ) guys are good """
" as long as we're saying  "" it's all stupid "" "" and not "" "" white pride is also okay "" "" """
" audio : dems get their way on the iran  "" deal "" "" . joins to talk about what could happen next . """
" bannon and milo are both catholics  in name only . berkeley will get  "" protest fatigue . "" "" this is what we want . """
" boko haram leader :  "" kill  kill  kill  kill  kill christians ! "" "" via """
" dont fall for that lie . they often propote division :  "" x arent white  oh and y arent white "" "" etc etc italians are obviously whites . """
" genocide against your people ? forced sterilization in the usa ? what are you talking about ? trump ending the cam program is good for all us citizens but it's not about preserving the  "" white "" "" race  it's closing another loophole for illegal immigration """
" half right . more like  "" i'm white . get out please . "" "" """
" he is  but that's the point . the next guy will be even  "" more "" "" violent / extreme / outre ' than jared taylor . each wrong thinker an excuse to pursue the next . """
" hey look . they're all old white people . seems  "" fair "" "" """
" hollywood did this in 2004 .  "" a day without a mexican "" "" """
" i think pro-choice = pro-white is ridiculous . if aborting your own children is a  "" choice  "" "" why would you care your race ? """
" i'm not  "" free speech "" "" . i'd absolutely like to see shawn king  tim wise  and people like that barred fr """
" if you allow yourself to get beat up for  "" optics "" "" then you aren't very bright """
" if you are white you are  "" apologizing for hate . "" "" """
" in the  "" mainstream  "" "" it is perfectly acceptable to be anti-white : """
" it refers to itself as a  "" revolutionary folk hero "" "" """
" it's a result of splc smear-campaign ~ the [ anti-white ] hate organization recently falsely branded him  "" white-nationalist "" "" """
" jerusalem : muslim who rammed car into jews says  "" i sought to kill jews "" "" """
" like i said ...  "" most white people's ancestry is not that complicated "" "" . you're talking 10 % . """
" lol  "" white people are always bad . "" "" """
" new  "" it's ok to be white "" "" advert . """
" new insight from nro writer who thinks white working class communities  "" deserve to die "" "" : """
" no such as a  "" white "" "" race . """
" rt  "" : : toni valtonen : a white warrior in the mma world ( video ) "" "" ; """
" rt  "" : all-white town fights to preserve segregation in the anti-white new south africa via "" "" """
" rt  "" : dr . david duke : the racial murder and rape of white women in america via "" "" """
" rt  "" america is not a nation  but a hollow empire filled with squabbling racial tribes . "" "" #sanjose """
" rt  "" dear white people "" "" trailer uses strauss ' blue danube . cultural appropriation ? """
" rt  "" life does not forgive weakness ! "" "" - adolf hitler via """
" rt  "" never before has our own federal government taken such a blatant and aggressive role in attacking your freedoms ! "" "" """
" rt  "" the unconscious of a conservative "" "" with roman bernard  jared taylor  & richard spencer . """
" rt 2 / ... jared taylor  american renaissance  among other things  to my attention . ... i am mailing in a donation . keep up the good work .  "" """
" rt :  "" no borders "" "" activist gang raped by african migrants  pressured into silence to not "" "" damage cause "" "" """
" rt : australia : pro-hamas jew-haters terrorize bus full of jewish children  screaming  "" kill the jews "" "" a """
" rt : rt : seiu vp : white union members oppose amnesty because they are  "" rabidly racist "" "" #afire #p2 #teaparty """
" rt : syrian victim of jihadis :  "" tell the west to leave us alone "" "" : "" "" what did these children do to die like this ? ple ... """
" rt : via : yemen : al-qaeda kills 78 soldiers in massive  "" surprise "" "" attack #tcot """
" rt africa to be 80 % white  "" within 100 years "" "" i'm sure no one will mind . that would be racist . """
" rt changing holocaust narrative and germany's  "" second guilt "" "" : at nuremberg  it was said that nobody was aware of ... """
" rt delhi is witnessing  "" politics of the vulture "" "" . taking advantage of a very unfortunate suicide ... how low can they stoop ? leave veterans alone """
" rt for the second time  cernovich has made a periscope about his  "" power "" "" over the alt-right and deleted it """
" rt i also told  "" more than half "" "" . jews killed by hitler were 6million . """
" rt in the latest radio renaissance  speaks with the author of  "" how a young black man became a race realist "" "" """
" rt kelvin cochran says :  "" taking up your cross has a high price tag  "" "" on the blog #firedforfaith """
" rt mtv : cancel the show  "" white people "" "" - sign the petition ! """
" rt obama calls self  "" champion-in-chief "" "" for illegal aliens  amnesty #noamnesty #immigration """
" rt oh  i love this ! ! thank you for all of your efforts . i live in atlanta and it has changed dramatically in just five years ( not for the better ) . we have  "" no-go "" "" zones and the like . most don ; t realize how bad it is because they go from car to house to work . it's bad  folks ! """
" rt rt : want to hide from the #nsa ? your guide to the nearly impossible  "" #nwo #policestate """
" rt splc's mark potok : donald trump is a  "" racist  "" "" has "" "" white nationalist positions "" "" via #splc #trump2016 """
" rt the series starts off with a good hearted  "" man of the people "" "" politician who quickly gets corrupted . everyone has a price """
" rt they say  "" anti-white "" "" wow #antiwhite """
" so ... the same people currently inventing myths like  "" white genocide "" "" and "" "" blacks are violent savages "" "" because they're afraid are "" "" strong "" "" """
" so its  "" they ( evil ) "" "" v "" "" you ( angels ) "" "" i rest my case . """
" such weak pastors . have the pastors tell the communists  if they want to see his sermon   "" attend my church "" "" """
" thanks for sharing your thoughts . i've read many of your materials and consider the label  "" white supremacist "" "" appropriate . """
" that would include black-white  latino-white  native american-white  "" supremacist "" "" etc  the dems argument is losing power . bc we r winning #maga """
" the  "" man's "" "" name is nathan damigo . he's a white supremacist . he sucker punched that woman . he's with <- pos racist cowards ! """
" the north didn't officially end slavery til 1903 - that was well after the mean ol  "" south had been emancipated """
" the only solution is to create more optics that are positive to belittle any  "" bad optics "" "" . """
" the virginia guard will also be protecting the alt - right .  "" thank you "" "" is all you need to say . """
" they were very proud of  "" taking down milo "" "" at berkeley  even though it evidently did nothing in the end """
" this is what a  "" hate file "" "" looks like . here they write a disgusting hit-piece on who began and dredging up every vile lie and anti-white propaganda they can to discredit him and the movement . sickening . """
" twitter has informed jared taylor ( ) and american renaissance ( ) that their accounts will not be restored because of their affiliation with a  "" violent extremist group "" "" . jared is the mr . rogers of the alt-right ! """
" you  former head of  "" identity evropa  "" "" using the phrase "" "" disgusting white privilege  "" "" because you are intent on winning a twitter war  is 2017 white supremacists in a nutshell . """
" you should read the dictionary  badger . white :  "" belonging to a """
#altright leaders need to make sure their voices are heard loud & clear on may 1st .
#black #privilege #antiwhite #whiteprivilege
#dumpsplc #leojohnson #kimdavis #lgbt #gay #obama is a hate group ? uh yes -
#firegarycohn antifa are not freedom fighters  they terrorize
#liftwaffe tip : if you want to look dangerous & capable  lift heavy weights . if you want to look like partially chewed jerky  then run .
#rotherham - the beginning of white live - #isis
#russian volunteers likely to fight in syria #news
#unitetheright press conference
#us #mb agenda is star spangled shariah  cloaked in red  white & blue . #video
' holocaust ' debate / comments / news french comic dieudonne at europe rights court over robert faurisson : fr ...
' holocaust ' debate / comments / news sturdy colls ' tiles from treblinka tested ? ? : more on the fabulously sh ...
' holocaust ' debate / comments / news zionist gangster demands bernie apology for advisers obama holocaust r ...
( ( ( hey fellow white people ) ) )
* or black woman . they hate self thinking blacks more than they hate white supremacists / kkk
. must cancel $ 1billion us arms sale to saudi arabia before more die in #yemen :
. so to you  southern identity > white identity ?
. the scotch-irish are the wild men of the white race . i'm not surprised they go for trump .
. u mad dude ? don't be mad on twitter .
... so i guess your list was provided to you by your anti-white professors you are an idiot
1 / i've been writing on the internet for 16 years . i'm a populist and nationalist . i've never been a fascist
15 / mainstream conservatism accepts #pozzright homosexuals while maintaining proud white people are a bridge too far !
2014 league of the south conference video :
50 dead  53 injured in gay jihad shooting in orlando  white house scrubs motive : the white house fails to men ...
60 % of all mass shootings in america are done by white males .. can we register them
7 / town halls of old have been replaced by the modern social media giants . it's time we realize their power and regulate them accordingly .
: #frcshooting interviewed tony perkins president who said #frc staff is praying fo ...
: : what big companies oppose a small business ' case for religious freedom ?
: a bigotted ideology  like islam  is far from being immune to criticizm  sho
: an unusually self destructive people these scandis.oh yes i know them well
: anti-white racism has reached critical mass in america ( video )
: antifa protest alt-right for protesting trump's syrian intervention via
: check this out ! is it any wonder we're america's premier 21st century national socialist organization ? ? ?
: christian pastor who aided ex-muslim rifqa bary facing prosecution
: facts and justice are irrelevant in the #trayvon case . it's all about racial spoils and a power grab . #tcot
: he is a hit and run coward !
: i hope youre joking . robert spencer is not white .
: i live outside of dc  look at the video of the people from today's life march v . the women's march .
: i never said black on white crimes didn't happen . i'm just interested why you dismiss white on
: i replied to one of potus's tweets that he needs to condemn antifa . if he lashes out at the alt right  the
: india : muslim former google employee detained for trying to join islamic state
: is rprtng that pp has reached 5 million abortions : . this = about the size of the population of md
: it's a wonderful race : proud of your white aryan #heritage ! #whitepride #whitepeople #europe #european
: jason kessler now counter-signaling  #opencarry now banned again  cc still ok . #unitetheright
: lets turn our hate into action : action report on the liverpool white man march
: my hope is that the #altright eventually advocates for white peopl
: new poll : golden dawn on the rise  despite the zionist persecution | read more
: no  it slammed into the white nationalists .
: people were told #bannon leaving wouldn't change anything . neo-cohens have total control of the
: people who just insult and mock hardly deserve a reply .
: pro-life leaders remember christian activist chuck colson
: rt : don't wait for a white knight to save our people  become the white knight . check ou ...
: that's just goes to show you how fed up americans were with the liberal p
: the greatest injustice in the black community is how we kill each other and blame it on the white man . this is due to bra
: the ultimate humor is that the very people who attacked anglin for years are the ones who are now famous for bein
: twenty gypsies attack white couple in czech republic hate crime mob attack ( video ) via
: uk judge : british soldiers can't hold taliban jihadis for more than four days
: well  now they're attacking the south directly .
: what btw  is wrong with protecting ' white women ' or ' white kids ' ? are we only supposed to protect pp
: why ? they don't do that to black lives matter or antifa or other communist affiliated left-wing  a
? ? ? you are fleeing to a white country ? ? ? what a racist .
[ video ] what are sexual orientation  gender identity ordinances anyway ?
a #jew speaks the #truth about #discrimination against white males . #politics #racism #news #tlot #tcot
a lot of the most white-hating people are ...
a racist is a racist and we learn about them in school and in museums . we shouldn't have to see monuments to them at our kid's soccer games
a simple method of dismantling the idea that white european people exist as a race . the reasons behind it ate clear  but it's garbage .
a white man pretending to be black ... pretending to be outraged by white people ... looool what a time to be alive .
abortion is murder
actually man i think it makes you a non racist you can see through his bulshit
adolf hitler was the man ! #endanargumentin5words
adolf hitlers plan to kill roosevelt  stalin and churchill at the teheran conference via
all we got from the greatest generation when they got in power were hoaxes and diversity . that was taught in ww2 . #whitegenocide
all white huh ? colorblind much ?
all you people do is destroy things that are beautiful . very sad .
alt-right = tech bubble busters
alt-right sophistry is amusingly childish .
amen to that . im white and i know lots of dumbss white loser liberals .
america is 75 % white did you expect japanese to be well recorded ?
america's most prominent anti-muslim activist is welcome at the trump white house is a terrorist org
and antithetical to the tenants of white nationalism . ( 2 )
and have really triggered these folks . wew #altright
and if they're hermaphroditic  then what are they ? you're black / white argument falls short . way short .
and if you haven't noticed . it 2017  you're a fringe . you and your racist alt -
and not real news
and relatively recent and driven from the top-down as well . people didn't sperg out over the
and what about all the black babies murdered at klanned parent in da hood founded by a white racist to eliminate the black race ?
and white people are subsidizing the growth . demographic time bomb  its unsustainable
anti-whites upset by stagnation of mixed-race couples in canada | full story :
antifa punk rockers : mostly white  fanatical  and bandits targeting our recruitment pool via
any particular culture and values is due to a specific people they spra
any white person who isn't actively anti-white
anyone snap any pics of antifa at amren ? last year we got some good ones
are antifa boomers ?
are you a student and sick of the #antiwhite message on campus ? join us . #projectsiege #identityevropa
as a purebred aryan  it pains me to look at what merkel is doing with germany !
as power slips away  cuckservatives and alt-right trolls are exchanging places in real time :
assumptive  racist loser . you forgot to add that .
attempts to assassinate modi are likely to occur again . determined efforts continue to incite islamic radicals to . .
ay ! why u like that letter so much ? k is just a mutant x . get a real letter . make a book for these guys ! duuhhhhh
because its the truth  you retards . christian killer tried to kill muslims in munich .
because most people here still hold out hope for law and order  and belive
because they are a racist hate group ? just a guess !
beg to differ on that because he was part of the gang of 8 and ted cruz amended the bill to death to kill it
bigot richard spencer comes to the defense of nazis
black activists call for lynching and hanging of white people and cops va
black man  white woman . genius .
black students at harvard openly calls for extermination of the white race ( video )
blackburn  england : muslims order non-muslims not to trick-or-treat in their neighborhood
blacks & latinos attack & kill white people daily  but  when blacks or latinos attack & kill cops it's a big deal ? just sayin ' ...
bless you mr . taylor
blood and honour hooded sweatshirt | more : via
border arrests jump for 2nd year as traffic increases #noamnesty
boston ? you're not going to try and send the 3 million irish immigrants back home  are you ? #tobesure #boston #identityevropa
breaking : banner burned american tradition
but the murders are a very small percentage of all the crimes done in america which are done mostly by whites ... so explain yourself
but there are selfish pimps in bjp who are abusing
calls to #defundpp are starting to have an effect on policy makers around the world . #alliancealert
can someone with pure european heritage translate these runes for me ?
can the government control your conscience ? alliance defending freedom blog
can you guys be trusted ?
canada : man jailed for no more muslims graffiti
cernovich says milo needs to go oprah on youtube . tell his story . take his makeup off . cry and say he was molested .
challenge anyone to read over time where islamic precepts married to current events & not think differently
charleston was exploited to attack confederate monuments all over the south and to demonize the cofcc
charlottesville 2.0 : marcus cicero's firsthand experiences via
christmas isn't european ! ! ! hail odin xd
civic nationalism is an oxymoron in a multiracial society where about 15 % population is foreign born  t
clinton white house ignored 9/11 warnings via #tcot #tgdn
combining iq and bmi  both total averages are a 47 .
congrats ! mt so proud of my sister for accepting another internship at this summer !
congratulate shri on opening up #fdi in #key growth sectors & boosting to achieve double digit growth
congress can prevent the suffering of unborn babies in abortions #tcot
conservatives to white working class : drop dead via
context - in any argument on aspects of the culture war you'll be on the wrong side i . e . cultural marxist  on economic arguments  marxist
councilor offended by anti-racist = anti-white stickers in lincoln  england | read more : via
creative loafing on tom watson rally : georgia creative loafing in atlanta has written an article about the tom ...
cucked spartan defects to antifa via
decent people are not white supremacists . all white supremaci
democrats are the real white supremacist . they are the vicious racist hate filled suppressor's in america pushing their nazis agenda
did they also arrest the contractors who hired these illegals ? they should . this will stop fast if a few contractors go to jail .
did you know sanctuary cities are actually safer  you racist shitnuggets ?
didn't say i hated jews - just pointed out facts . but that's hate speech today  right ? but saying down with white people is libertarian . ha .
do they have white skin ?
does   and know that they are replacing with a self-identified anti-white racist ( ) for the new years eve tv show ?
does the adl know the difference between a white nationalist and a whie supremacist ? surely you and the adl hate da latter ?
does this pick upset you ? good  racist dolts
doesn't help me . looks to have broader shoulders too . but what do i know ...
doesn't matter if you're black  white  green  red or purple . if you support then you're a racist according to the left .
down syndrome couple gets their happily ever after . beautiful story #prolife
dozens of verses that abrogated & superseded by tolerant ones then violent ones !
dude  can you cover my peoples independence march without the petty optics argument please .
elder lansing for congress / senate ! a true american patriot ! maga !
english-speaking society maintains social control with shame and shunning . do people ever get fired in
erick erickson should invite rachel dolezal or caitlyn jenner to speak at redstate #cuckservative
europe is full of liberals who have given their country & children's future away !
even garvey needed help from whitey . the black star line was not built by blacks  it was an old ship built by white people lol . sad really ..
even of the devil wanted to set up a vigil for george soros  i wouldn't care . death is death . can't we let people mourn without investigating the situation for possible thought crime ? geeze
everything boils down to white racism .
expulsion of white farmers has destroyed zimbabwe via rt rt
extreme hypocrisy : wikipedia explains the difference between gay  asian  black pride and white
fact : more than 28 million americans would benefit from raising the minimum wage .
fair immigration is a branded hate group full of racists and white supremacists .
faith in the white house : proof of lord claim of taking back white house & it's states w / leaders hearts !
fbi 2015 says whites were arrested for 68 % of the rapes - here is the link blacks at 28 % ( but nice try )
female officer shot dead in paris by african wielding assault rifle and bullet-proof vest '
fingerprints can reveal if you are black or white via
fingers crossed for fiorina as vp pick ! she'll fill in key gaps on the cruz ticket  like private sector experience and a masculine jawline .
first  pewdiepie . now  jontron
first modi govt shuld take action against those person who internally supporting #traitorcongis and saving frm is big loss 4 govt .
florida poll 45 % marco rubio 25 % ted cruz 15 % john kasich 10 % #makeamericagreatagain #
flyer harder  lazy racists . the more people that know you're kind of trash is skulking around their towns  the better .
follow hunter wallace
for those us us who were there  we are 100 % sure that the police action was planned and intentional . watch my charlottesville 2.0 video for more detail and context  fam .
fox news says that moore is 10 points behind according to their polls . not buying it i think their po
frc's on npr's dianne rehm show right now discussing sexual orientation and public policy :
fun fact snopes is totally biased run by a liberal couple that push lib . agenda ! they also are bankrupt and divorcing due to possible fraud
funny thing is  they do need white people .
german anti-islam protesters slam ' dangerous ' merkel
germans form vigilante groups after nye
germany : terrorism-related cases quadruple in one year
go die u racist asswipes
goidbue . you are racist too . get a life
good  remove racist heritage .
good news : white pride america merges with the national socialist movement ! via
gov . signs #prolife bill banning late term abortions  iowa supreme court halts .
governor brown and radical dem california state govt must be voted out ! 74 per of california citizens dont want corrupt sanctuary state
great news for an american hero . #sgtmartland
hang in there - - help is on the way ! donald j trump has always loved r-usa - 4 - the people !
hatred of muslims is islamophobia . he showed hatred of muslims . hence the designation .
have you listened to our radio show ? help the cause by spreading the link : #education #wpww #politics #activism
he is leading the young white supremacists of fake twitter profiles race baiting by selecting blacks in their profile ... that's about it
he looks pretty white to me
he won't fight with the antifa unless they put $ 5000 + up front
he's been spewing hate . i guess that's ok . your white privilege keeps you safe smh
he's only talking about white christians .
hebrews / semites are a race . jews are a religion .
her hate group has nothing to do with human rights just like alt-right and white nationalist marches have nothing to do with free speech .
hey  that looks like #sdsu .
hey folks you need to stop this hate a racist thinking because it does not go with jesus's teaching  praying for yall to change ! ! !
hilarious that walmart can't even pay their people a living wage and force them to go on food stamps . #fuckm
hindus abused by calling some one murkh  dusht etc . mc  bc  harem zada are all islamic expressions brought in by slaves .
hindus are getting killed just for vote . shame ! ! ! #burningbengal
hindus need to unite and take the fight to village and block level  its now or never . #hindusundersiege
hint - if you don't hate whites - they are going to label you a white supremacist  you need to learn to get over that .
hmm . looks like a white christian trump supporter if you ask me . to say otherwise is  like  soo racist .
how about white catholic priests raping hundreds of thousands of white christian boys ?
how does this in any way relate to the previous conversation ? do you expect me to apologize for my ancestors actions ? i'm not sorry  i won't
how rape became south africa's enduring nightmare via #crimestats
hrcs record is more racist than trumps
huge difference between legally here and illegals who break our laws
hundreds gather at carhart abortion mill 2 demand justice 4 mother's death
hunt for white women : black racist serial killer confesses to 41 murders via
i agree with  we need strong people who are loyal  courageous and confident and won't back down . we are at war .
i also think that at least 1/3 rd of the white race would rather just side with the left an
i am not defending hindus just out of nothing ... i am doing it as i know that i can do it .. a debt to my guru k n rao
i am the ole white boy . my network is white like me
i believe jews are just like other white people .
i bet it's more . people just don't want to admit it .
i can always count on these posts for an intro to some bona fide crazy people
i don't care about charlottesville  the kkk  or white supremacy via
i get it  so often white people are portrayed as always the villain . i
i have presented to sc in writing the full and complete argument on why jallikattu is lawful . but the riff raffs don't understand reasoning
i hope so . but  i think things have to get worse before white people take action .
i hope the republicans have the will and courage to do so and support president trump . time to step up
i lived in memphis  temporarily  for 26 years ! the democrat politics were like new orleans . as soon a
i really hope he's white ? ? wtf ? ?
i remember right outside of work there was a bronze plaque to the kkk
i sure did ma and pa . i'm bout to go see billy jean  bobby jean  and sally jean ! my achy breaky heart ! !
i think milo himself claims he was getting passed around by men at that age . or  at least  that was his fantasy .
i think what they are saying if your white and are not democrat you must be a racist white supremacis
i think youre confusing christianity with marxism
i was responding to the original south african thread  and all evidence says no
i was worried india doesn't hv full time defense minister but then sm1 reminds me-once upon a time mulayam singh ji was our defense minister
i wonder how many of those shootings involved white cops or klansmen
i wonder how they're going to try and blame the alt-right for this ?
i'm banned from the ethnostate
i'm not . i don't hate whites . i don't hate myself  or my family . that's absurd .
i'm not sure any compromise on daca is acceptable to most which is the direction the wind is blowing
i'm not sure they know anything .
i'm sure they won't be called racist now .
i'm sure they're terrified of you  mr burns . don't forget to leave your d & d dice at home m
icymi : radical social agenda now costing democrats via
identity evropa founder delivering a speech at detroit conference last weekend . video coming soon !
ideological inspiration behind black lives matter . asata shakur . is convincted cop killer .
if blacks can be in kkk why do you hate them so much ? black is beautiful ! no racism ! barack obama is the president !
if someone talk about gay caliph they are going to kill him because it's blasphemy but sadly it's true that he was gay
if the definition of white mean full-caucasian face ~ almost all middle-east people are white
if you free white and 21 in america you are free to be or think anything you like as long as y
if you have it within yourself to kill your own child  would you have an emotional connection to your race ? #altright
ignoring that the 50s / 60s were racist is racist . which is what you're doing .
im black and i love nailing white women . they love my big black weener ! i love calling white women coal miners . we are the super race
im old enough to remember when cruz warned that the establishment was getting behind trump bc bob dole said he preferred trump to cruz .
imagine the msnbc meltdown is going to have when rubio is crushed . make it happen  people
in 2008 poc surpassed white people . do you think in 2016 we are fewer or more ?
in 2013  cruz pushed plan to double ...
inactive then why is one of them roasting you right now for roasting me i don't see any of your 15 followers helping u
indiana talk radio isn't giving air cover to ted cruz via
indians know that #isis needs them only for cleaning utensils  washing clothes and toilets  nothing more ... #isis needs slaves  no fighters
interest rateiran : 21 % russia : 11 % indonesia : 7.5 % turkey : 7.5 % india : 6.7 % china : 4.3 % uk : 0.5 % us : 0.25 % euro area : 0.05 % japan : 0 %
is his iq that high ? lmao i thought more like 1
is it black people ?
is it not okay to be white at ?
is it too late to declare pepsi the official soda of the #altright ? i mean we might as well ki
is the white caucus !
is white though .
isn't breitbart a platform for white nationalists ?
it appears you have no ability to critically think . you base your entire world view on what people tell you  and you reference people / personalities you like instead of data or reality
it never fails ... swearing and personal attacks by suspected white supremacists is a stable part of what they do ... so much hate and disdain .
it would be interesting to know . i would bet money far more of our people have been fired by their free market employer over politics
it's a good thing that doesn't support a 500 percent increase in indentured servants like #nrorevolt
it's all a show . like professional wrestling  but far less entertaining .
it's clearly a white christian
it's fine unless he is murdered and someone wants to put up a memorial . that would be racist .
it's in the picture . 1488 banner directly behind los . i was there too . you fai
it's not hate to require people who want to come here to respect the process and come legally . do you not respect our laws ?
it's not us but german scientists invented atom bomb check ur facts
it's pretty common knowledge that jews do not identify as whites and rather as jews.they are white in skin color but ethnically are not .
it's the american clu .
it's white male radicalized trump extremists who are terrorizing the us . your fear-mongering feeds their hate & emboldens them .
its easier for you now because you are the status quo . youre easily controlled . you only call us nazis and provocative bc you dont agree with us ... but sorry to break it to you  the majority ( 55 % ) of whites already know theyre discriminated against .
jared taylor and roach talk about it at the end of the podcast
jared taylor is a white advocate  not a white nationalist .
jeb ! is nervous #gopdebate
jeh walking it back on freedom : #religiousfreedom
jenji kohan and the jewish hyper-sexualization of western culture | the occidental observer
jewish people are often white though .
jim campbell with on this week's show : religious liberty  chilling and responses
joins at 7:30 am to discuss indiana's new #rfra law and interview on abc .
ken burns will make a pbs film about this in twenty years . brad  you'll get to be the alt right version of shelby foote
kkk goes down ...
last time i checked it was one of your guys that killed heather heyer . awkward when white nationalists kill a white woman . #charlottesville
last year  the media only covered 15 seconds of #marchforlife . urge them to #coverthemarch more this year !
law enforcement is more worried about us nazis than the real threat isis .
less earth worship but still tyranny rt : al jazeera acquires al gore's channel . can we expect a difference ?
lest we forget the treblinka steam story : hello  everyone  many of us are familiar with the treblinka steam stor ...
let's get real . white nationalism wants the removal of the zionist jew from power  banking  media  zog  academia
let's get some hate crime charges on these protesters . they are expressing anti-white sentiments while trying to disrupt attendees ' rights .
liberal nightmares immigration fiction .
liminal or borderline white  will that do ?
listening to on . his vision for the future is inspiring . #altright #becomewhoweare
little snow angels rt : mt : fathers are an imperative component of a ( cont )
live : advani keen to become ls speaker ; rajnath too may join modi govt
lock up any official who violates federal law by harboring illegal immigrants & abusing tax $ period ! #americafirst
lol bannon . can't blame the guy for dodging that shitshow with milo . after they get beat up  tru
look how well disavowing didsurely antifa wouldn't be embolden and take it to next level ...
losers looking for scapegoats to blame do . successful people less so . fact .
love the new swag  books  and accessories - you're def doing your part to #makeamericagreatagain
me had a redline on 9/11 and other media fakery . i made this claim in radioaryan comments 2015 . definitely a limited hangout .
micah johnson the dallas police killer specifically targeted white cops so why isn't obama giving us a lecture on how racist he was ? hmmm !
michel houellebecq : how frances leaders failed its people
milo might wind up in a body bag . who is advising him ? its cent . com for the antifa army .
missouri legislators override veto to prohibit illegal aliens from receiving scholarship #mopol
modi was most popular when he was aggressive in #gujrat  it brought him upto delhi
more dictator like than saddam hussein ? because that's just one of the dictators that trump had good things to say about . fact .
morning read : the white house gaslights america on #immigration #noamnesty
mps express outrage at discovering sharia law rules parts of #whitehall read more :
mr x's saturday morning contribution to the #liftwaffe
ms . pendergraft - you do realize you follow a non white arab jew  who did not preach a political solution  don't you ?
muslims shocked ! shocked ! at attack on baghdad during ramadan via
muslims will continue to test the legal waters until there is no longer the need to . it seems that the accused is a muslim .
must be a anti white seminar . anti racist code word for anti white .
my america is a country where all people are equal . all people are accepted ! your hate has no place here ! my campus accepting of all people !
my concern is the white race . ibelieve every race should want to preserve their culture and heritage .
my op . is that ma people ar more open minded ( prob cause they've traveled / seen world ) and more inclusive than in ( e . g . ) your st
nah  we are morally wrong for being white .
nancy pelosi is so clueless she still thinks bush is president . she'll probably try to pass antifa off
narendra modi claims victory in world's biggest ever election in india : #results2014
national socialist party will convert india's technology into money machines.there will be no poverty .
national socialists hold town hall meeting in craig cobb's white power town in north dakota ( video va
new blog : marie antoinette is alive and well . read it here :
new ca gop 38 % cruz 22 % kasich 20 % i will be voting on june 7th to #makeamericagreatagain #ca4trump
no  because america is a white country at its core . the land no longer belongs to brown people  and in many cases they sold it to us .
no . i look mean in all pictures . we can smile in the ethnostate .
no . it's the opposite of marxism . marxism is class-based .
no doubt they'll all be headed to canada . i'm sure trudeau is already bent over in anticipation .
no elder  you are not racist . you are just looking out for the people .
no my issue is why you act like you hate all white people and get mad at me because i don't .
no no no stop . do you care what the citizens want ? ? ? no more people who hate & want too kill us !
no the west in general . white soldier black soldier  jew soldier
no way should we let 2 million daca into our country . let them come back to become legal citizens .
no you have to kill them before they kill you ... evil only understands force
nordic women : they do more than make sandwiches via
not defending the kkk any more than i defend any group on free speech grounds .
not hate #wakeupamerica #clintonkaine
not the wall he envisioned . too big : to much money . too many competing issues . maybe some of it .
now austria says it will likely redesign adolf hitler's house  not tear it down via
ocala mayor kent guinn named in list of members
of course not . he is part of the anti-white establishment .
of course they did you just need to read up on it . obama had the black panthers
of what romans thought of these people . that's not to say they were actually barbarian savages . but my original argument was that in the
officials confirmed missing plane was hijacked by one or several people read more : follow us :
oh  are you an archaeologist ? i can assure you that ancient egyptians were white .
oh look at that  white privilege ! not .
oh look more facts hang on you could be called racist here ;-)
ok . . neither of you are qualified to be racist ! ! !
once again  the entire congress condemns us . congress is less popular than any political group in ameri
one time shaving  i left a little hitler stache just to see how it looked . saw guilty party and solution in mirror  just like u said !
only business you run is and going around calling everyone and hiding behind using the word suspected white supremacist . when in fact ur just a suspected black supremacist and the real racist .
only in south africa may you be ousted from a sports team to which you were selected on merit for belonging to the white race #racism
or kim lobbing a missile into the south .
or no power w / white people as the jews have ~ who are a caucasian people
orbiting lunar base : german astronaut reiter on deep space gateway
other white people are still prejudiced against the south . optics are questionably beneficial .
pakistan : khyber-pakhtunkhwa ( k-p ) chief of jamaat-i-islami ( ji ) professor ibrahim khan has said that
parallel universes - one media lives in - one people live inpublic supports trump's executive orders . overwhelmingly .
people can say anything they want . twitter has no obligation to offer people who violate their community standards with a platform .
people of new orleans have spoken . that's why these monuments to white supremacy are coming down . not u
pl . get this case transferred
pl . review the #security of sh ji and close down racecourse road  safdarjung road  teen murti road areas
pl make middle east & pakistan currencies zero value not acceptable #currency
pl request mr to pass global decree 2 restrict population at 2 children per couple  one spouse each 4 all countries
platform : guest worker program to keep big business flush w / cheap foreign labor #gop2012
please help me understand why there is crackdown on the alt-right under trump vs  obama ?
poll : trump dominates in nevada  south carolina overall and on the issues
poor white blk #gay  #heterosexual purpleregardless #god loves us allfyi #family #reseach #council #aclu #ohio is still confuso
pplanet and cern are trying to co-opt a budding white nationalist movement . subversives .
preparing for race war : the south african bootcamps which are training thousands of white youths
president trump showed he was not equivocating . he promised to do what he said he would do . #inauguration
presstv-trump : ill close us borders on day one #trumptrain #trump2016 #makeamericagreatagain
proud nations r successful nations . nationality & patriotism r not racist . nwo globalist bastards r trying 2 push that narrative
rather like studying palestinian history . i fear .
read original aabic w / help of google translate . seems they want an islamic theocracy like rw chrstns want chrstn theocracy .
reform of the way secular societies deal with the ideology of islam .
religious freedom shouldn't be about hate . #bigot #religiouszealot
remember ? the spineless antifa cuck who lied about confronting whn they were putting up posters ? he blocked me
report : north texas white unity meeting via
reporter who exposed bbc pedophilia cover up found dead counter current news
researcher finds secret software on phones logs nearly everything : #us #privacy #bigbrother #ows
retweeted alliancedefends ( ): listen to the latest freedom matters podcast : forgotten victims in ...
retweeted frc ( ): if the white house can dictate the bathroom policies of america  what could possibly be ...
retweeted rare & historical ( ): greek helmet with #swastik marks on the top part  350-325 bc  ...
rich people  who have primarily been white .
rubio warns that obama could expand deferred deportation to cover millions more immigrants
same in white families . in america in general ... no fathers in the home !
same thing . using nonwhites as political weapons against southern whites . they do it now  in 2017 .
says the hate filled anti-white bigot .
says the racist white guy
senate rejects conference on dhs funding bill ; speaker boehner at crossroads
senate republicans wave white flag n amnesty via #stopexecutiveamnesty
seriously ? he fought for human rights . black and white . stop making this a matter of racism .
shame on you  racist !
shelbyville is 77 % white  so pretty homogenous by american standards . bradfor
shouldn't chaplains speak 4 faith ? please act on this request from lt . gen . william g . jerry #boykin ( ret . ) :
show me 1 picture of a white christian stoning or throwing a gay person off a roof .
skip baker and i discuss christianity  white people  and white history on the realist report .
slavery is a human think  not a black or white thing .
slavery was around long before your revered to european imperialism ... try ad . and ... african
sneering about ancient india not surprising . best way to destroy a people is to undermine their history  beliefs & eventually selfconfidence
so  white sharia ?
so identity politics is bad unless it's white people are the ones doing it
so it's your contention that white people support being dis
so you're happy white people are getting scammed ?
some jews are white  and some of them are pro-white . each a rara avis  but nonetheless .
somebody contact president trump . this is an excellent idea .
soon to be the black people only party
sorry obama  harvard study says poor muslims are less likely to be terrorists ! !
southern nigeria is less backward than northern nigeria because of colonialism . european imperialism pacified africa .
speaking of ... my pic with the great anti-jihadist author robert spencer at private gathering  hamilto
speaking to a full room at the #factforum in #nashville ! #prolife
splc designates fair as a hate group . it's based in white supremacy
stand up america or it will be to late we as real americans must fight the agenda of our liberal left / communists stand up unite defeat the take back our free speech freedom and democracy wake up watch the enemies within see the truth how they have infiltrated our gov truth now
still join man . there's more people can do than boots on the ground activism . we're building networks here
stop trying to rationalize racism against white americans . if you hate racism  look in a mirror .
submachine gun attack on german invader
supreme court considers whether government officials need to play fair on religion .
sure it was . dixie is even more ethnically and culturally distinct today than it was then
swedes are white . we did not colonise or enslave anybody . how is my history racist ?
swedish national socialists protest against jew world order ( video ) via
take a hike  #racist . build more #sanctuarycities
tally canadian non-racist white expat non-performing ceo's sacked in south africa now at 3 : cynthia car
tan shorts & white polo shirt & red trumpanzee hate
target isn't worried about conservchristians boycotting them . it will help keep white trash out of the store
targeting of the pulpit by the government is not #religiousfreedom . urge gov . to fix : #standwithwalsh
terry jeffrey's article this morning reflects the cowardice of movement conservatism . did you notice that detroit is 92 % black ?
that's b / c white people aren't killed for being white
that's how people respond with adrenalin surging through their body .
that's not my point  until it's confirmed as a terrorist act  don't speculate
that's the thing ! it's never heard of ! white men and black men both rape but the most you hear is out of white men
that's what white supremacists like say
that's white nationalism talk
the #nhdebate - just a charade ... #politics #news #newhampshire #nhprimary
the altright are just regular nazis . trump is not full fulling his promises . much like every president thats why people are turning away
the antifa / commies were invited in  probably by the governor . they never attack unless they have the go
the antifa are claiming someone on the street yelled directions to fields .
the atlantic : white flight ravaged the mississippi delta : two days ago  the atlantic published a ridiculous ...
the average fortune 500 ceo lives in a $ 14 million home while the average worker is struggling to make payments on their homes . #greed
the bundy's are #cuckservative  but  most god fearing television watching ' mericans are #cuckservatives .
the chip on the shoulder you're owed something / attitude that any white person who disagrees with you is a racist harms everyone . i was a racist for disagreeing with obama  and now i'm a racist for agreeing with trump  which one is it ? furthers the victim mentality of young aa
the conference is in july . meeting people in real life is energizing . i highly recommend it .
the confusion is mistaking opposition 2 illegal immigration w / americas admiration for those legally coming here .
the cucks are still upset ! let them ! gop is now the party of the common man !
the day bannon is not in the white house will be a sad day for america .
the establishment of a white ethno-state within the current
the german army shelling peace donetsk . #chernihiv #kiev #ukrainecrisis #ukraine #moscow #kievmoscow via
the guardian : white nationalism is a ' rising danger ' via
the heritage not hate crowd wants new monuments . this will make you really happy !
the left teaches that unless you hate white people and actively seek to destroy whiteness  you're a white supremacist
the legacy of ottoman imperialism is a cause . white people are humiliated by ongoing occupation of holy
the majority of anti-fa and blm members are young people  who also get their information on
the media clearly does support the suppression of political views  but in this they own it .
the more i think about optics / tactics  the more convinced i become that has the right of it tbh .
the moslem religion was made illegal in the us years ago . obama just chose to ignore the law .
the narendra modi regime has exhibited remarkable avarice  duplicity  and brazenness in the area of fuel prices ...
the nation of america was not founded on white nationalism and it never will be it's base . o
the national border patrol council ( nbpc ) said that our open border is the biggest physical & economic threat facing the american people !
the ottoman charter schools of #pennsylvania : #islam #islamophobia #pa #tcot #kinghearings
the sad truth rt : america will sink into a third world country until the economy collapses and democrat welfare dependents riot
the south was hobbled by the fact th
the splc and adl are anti-white organizations who harass white americans ... particularly white protestants .
the text contradicts the cultural marxist narrative . no evidence of national socialism
the usa  canada and australia are not white countries . they became white countries through genocide .
the white supremacists flocking to donald trump - via
then why's his white biological family and all his younger photos white
theoretically ok  but very difficult in practice . us can't stop military interventions abroad  some of which have been right
there are 5.5 white guys in the game right now #fundamentals
there are evil white men and evil black man
these are great share w / your followers ! #defundpp
these are not real coppers unless this is somewhere south of county durham and cumbria .
they believe we will vote for trump if people do not verbally abuse us ? ha ! good luck .
they don't figure too much . population density has the biggest impact . in queens  blacks outearn whites but have a much higher crime rate .
they keep attacking hunter  we'll keep attacking them
they wanted to make a white homeland .
they wont stop until our identity is erased . we must fight back at every oppurtunity .
this . is what we advocate for all people of this planet . we seek true justice .
this is discourse  i'm trying to understand how people can denounce all racist or violent groups but support a president w / a racist agenda
this is just racist
this is less theoretical . core is case studies of how various countries de
this is why i voted for trump ! betsy devos & ben carson are trying to change things & the left is stopping them !
this ishika is wishing you well lobhely white
this isnt a white country . it never has been just white people and it never will be .
this must b fake news b cuz dems & media keep telling us every illegal follows the law . except the laws regarding immigration id theft etc
this shows why trump is not a friend to white people .
this will have no effect on john conyers or his legacy whatsoever . he's an easy ' sacrifice ' for the left to make ... trump supporters are making a big mistake going along with this game on the left's terms
this world is a battle between demi god's and demons . not whites vs blacks vs yellow vs red etc
time to start reporting this to our state legislator  congress and calls to the white house
tommy robinson  kevin carroll  pamela geller  robert spencer breaking with edl
trinity lutheran church of columbia v . comer #religiousliberty
trump denies holocaust museums request for more funding
trump denounces white supremacists  defends bannon via
trump most broadly popular republican in md with 57/37 fav . kasich at 48/35  cruz unpopular even with gop at 33/50 :
ty 4 follow fyi : bill warner  phd : politically correct jihad via follow
tyler  tx . #onlywecanbeus
u mean islam refuses to bow like others  and this triggers white race who used to control others ? ! ?
u of alabama football team  blacks outnumber whites ~ 2 to 1 . #wvu football team blacks outnumber whites ~ 3 to 1 . #wvuvsbama
uh oh is that systematic white supremacy ? !
uk : muslim migrant who stormed church screaming i will kill you and kill all the english escapes deportation
ukrainians welcome waffen-ss troops as soviet atrocities come to light ( video ) | read more :
um ... league of the south is certainl
universities take foreign students ahead of british | news | the times & the sunday times
unless switzerland suffers loss of revenue from india  they will not refund the #black money .
until we denounce both white and black racists there can be no true dialogue on race .
us ( ( ( white ) ) ) people
us today said he is a white supremacist that wants all minorities removed from us .
vaidik is senile  self proclaimed nothing to do with bjp or track 2 you don't get misled by aap check now zee news
via : bangladesh : muslim mob attacks christians  stabs priest during easter mass #tcot
via : islamic state outside white house : we are everywhere #tcot
via : islamic state to yazidis : convert to islam  pay jizya  or die #tcot
via : white privilege conference says resisting jihad terror is racist  bashes robert spe ... #tcot
video : made in america manufacturing saves jobs  lives and the environment
video : robert spencer on black lives matter and the leftist / islamic alliance via
vinod kumar binny has been expelled and dawood ibrahim has been invited to join aap ! a democratic and visionary party to lead the nation .
vote nelson out ! dem lifer always against policies .
warrior woman for our white aryan race . 14/88 !
washington dc should cut all funding to california ! they are breaking our laws and if nothing done why should we pay taxes !
watch proclaim his goal of a white ethno-state to an asian journalist . around minute 6 :/ /
way back lol hunter was actually fired by greg johnson from occide
we send all rapists who are caught and tried  to jail . what's your point ...
we still need acultural change to bring blacks into the higher paying jobs . it can be done ; or can it ?
we're in danger because of your people  the white supremacists . how are immigrants making me unsafe ?
we're live to discuss the #scotus ruling in greece v . galloway ! join in here : #prayer
well  it's more soros has supported organisation that support antifa and some speculate
well i don't like this trump position #gopdebate
well i mean the statues were white i guess ...
well the bottom line is that you are being hypocritical on this issue . musuem or park a racist is a racist right ? and look at my retweets
what a freaking loser .
what a great place to go to confirm one's own beliefs that white people are more altruistic !
what does his race or religion have anything to do with this ? this is just an ignorant post . #racist
what does politically incorrect victims even mean ... they were white ? ! theres been many white victims of crime and these stories get a lot of press . i remember this story getting national coverage . quit it with the white nationalism and fabricated white victimization .
what else is new ! '
what is really happening is people are looking for a scapegoat to blame ( sessions ) because trump himsel
what is the democrats agenda behind undocumented immigration ! ?
what just white sheriffs ? what about black  hispanic o native ? please don't spread the hate !
what kind of gamma hitler are you ? od is a guy doing his damnedest to keep the south al
what of bright young students and engineers who happen to be citizens ? should they be given opportunities first ? #immigration #inauag2013
what part of islam makes anyone desire it in anyway ?
what so you have against white males ?
what we learned is that trump had no plan on how to actually implement a national populist agenda - all
what white people need to know  and do  after ferguson #barf
what would be the monetary value today ? ? ? the black sea / see
what's so bad for white men ?
what's the difference between you and hitler ? hitler knew when to kill himself . #opkkk
when #trolls be #trolling #kkk types are almost more fun than #isisgo figure #peopleareamazing
when and if usgovcorp starts to falter  people with assets will look to other sources of lea
when people attack others  they normally hit more than once .
where are the american symbols ? neo fashy euro style doesn't appeal here . why would a normal white guy join this ?
where is black lives matter and the feminist groups at on this one ? oh the victim is white so she deserved to get beat . so sad !
where the alt-right is willing to fight  conservatives like lay down .
wheres the white caucus ? oh right  that would be racist
which ones ? all of the people who lived in the south ?
while in case of cong n bjp even donor is not known how would you know white or black
white
white americans have remained shockingly european despite decades of race mixing propaganda #swrm
white ethnostate in uganda when ?
white flight is not a win but it is smart .
white house / black market by #prolife #plannedparenthood
white house congratulates modi on victory
white house criticizes vladimir putins posture #russia #putin
white house says airstrike killed is group number two hajji mutazz
white male is the common denominator .
white male martial landowners = aristocracy  you'd be -
white man lynched and robbed by a racist black gang ( video )
white nationalists  white separatists and people  who think sec . 8 housing is theft  may speak . if neo -
white on white crime / violence ! where are the fathers / leaders of these white communities ?
white people are screwed
white people are the majority .
white people gathering in #mizzou
white ppl aren't native to america . we are a nation of immigrants . rt : build the wall . end all immigration !
white race consciousness
white resistance increases as minority status looms via
white supremacists are a bigger threat to the us than radical islam
white supremacists are pretending to be anons now ? because the ron paultards weren't enough ?
white supremacy at its best ! where is tariq nasheed ?
white supremacy at its finest
who are you fighting ? rich white people ? hmmmm ...
who brought bhola singh to ? how dare he talk like he did against bhola must go back to #rjd
who were all the armed people the gov . and media were complaining about  spooks or all fictional ?
why are you racist towards white people ? why do you hate them so much ?
why have people said you're not white ?
why is it against the rules for pro white people to peacefully assemble ? every other race is allowed  but not whites ?
why is it also ok for every race to protest against what they believe but when white fol
why you hate jewish people so you are racist !
with the talmud  jews worship themselves .
wow  you really caught that . so happy to see people verify their claims .
wow ! ' the good wife ' powerfully reenacts planned parenthood video scandal in the best possible way ! via
y would hindu vote for bjp if he is donating 80000 credit to kashmir & all of sudden become secular ?
yashwant sinha once was in party  then chandra shekhar ; joined bjp only to make money and did that well
yawn . white nationalists in america have been trying that edgy swastika approach for decades .
yeah  brad  it's a pretty state park . granted it's inconvenient for me cause now i have to t
yeah that doesn't work  see ? there's been story after story about black people complying and still being shot now  questions asked later . read the news . and i do feel sorry for seniors who can't afford meds . you can feel for more than one demographic at a time . it's easy .
yep  such a white supremacist !
yes  many people find the organization through posters . it's a long process  though .
yes but it will go up and down  were the third largest country in terms of population btw .
yes i'm proud to say i support president trump . trump supporters don't obsess over race and race bait like democrats
yet the white birthrate is less than half of what it was in the 1960s
yiu could only find 4 white racist sheriffs for your video ? you gotta commit more to you cause . there are plenty more .
you ( once again ) failed to understand what a simple sentence was telling you . i wasn't talking about dangerous things  i was talking about harmless religious practices which is fundamental in my religion .
you are doing the hate . act wants to save america from islam
you can play make believe all you want facts r facts  sorry daddy didnt play with u as a kid
you cant just call every group of white people a hate group and expect us to believe it .
you cowardly cuck !
you just happen to know all the white supremacists don't you
you mean if they would have been white  they would have done what whites have done ? they are merely pillaging the rich white creations .
you still didn't say who i was racist against
you want to prohibit a private company from refusing service to white nationalists ... but you fully support a private bakery refusing service to a gay couple ?
you're a white supremacist ...
you're advocating that those same white people had every reason to kill  torture  and own people and no
you're jewish  not white
you're painting a whole race as rich and unthankful . who's the racist ? ? gtfo ps more like overworked and tired
you're racist
you're struggling now . mate  i couldn't care less for whichever ideology you throw around nor for your
your logic makes no sense ... he is following retweeting and praising white supremacists so i suspect he is one ... especially after he said he will not denounce them after i showed him video's of them promoting white supremacy
your own words of depriving gay people respect is duly noted .
zogbot-silly roper vs brad griffin alt-right youtube from pastor lindstedt
"  "" #ows "" "" on tweeted times - top stories by   """
"  "" : pastors to mayor : dont mess with texas pulpits #houston # pulpit freedom i agree ! """
"  "" : this is the white man march "" "" ; yes ! ! ! """
"  "" democrats coca cola "" "" ? is there a separate one for cons ? """
"  "" does white identity mean white supremacy ? "" "" responds to """
"  "" i am a legal us immigrant ( from egypt ) and i support the raise act "" "" : via #raiseact #immigrationpolicy """
"  "" message to the white man in america "" "" : """
"  "" white tax "" "" ... this us mayor wants special tax on white people via """
"  "" you're a racist "" "" ! """
" 1 ) proud boys seems to be a superficial imitation of the  "" alt-right  "" "" assimilating stuff from the manosphere but ... """
" a-r  "" on the other hand  is a culture primarily of blogs  memes  podcasts  and videos . "" "" precisely because they were granted no other platform """
" audio :  "" assaulting freedom on religious freedom day : hhs litigation snapshot "" "" """
" but aj + said they were  "" mostly non-violent "" "" ... """
" but under a  "" white supremacy "" "" he would be the norm . you are simply proving the point . """
" chapter 10 of  "" a mighty fortress "" "" has to b 1 of the most powerful chapters in the #northwestindependencenovels  very motivational . """
" do you people seriously believe that a  "" real populist "" "" will ever be able to break the systemic corrupti """
" greeck finance minister : my country is like germany  "" just before the nazis took power "" "" | more : """
" hmmm ... maybe no future for white america or any americans in  "" mystery babylon "" "" """
" honest question : is  "" strongbuilding "" "" a thing ? like how people merge powerlifting and bodybuilding into powerbuilding  but for strongman and bodybuilding ? """
" how's your buddy jason kessler the cnn occupy wall street reporter ? oops i mean  "" alt right thought lead """
" i guess they were going for the old latin script spelling of europa but then why go with english  "" identity "" "" and not proper "" "" identitas "" "" . """
" i have only heard  "" erudite "" "" used in reference to 2 people my whole life  you and albert speer . """
" i posted 5 photos on facebook in the album  "" unpacking dij "" "" peaceful snow - totenpop versions "" "" 7 inch "" "" """
" i want to pushback on the myth that  "" conservatism doesn't conserve anything . "" "" that's a half truth . when it comes to the unpopular neoliberal economic agenda  they've been very successful with that """
" i'm white  explain to me how your  "" movement "" "" isn't racist ? """
" if you get interested you can find out more about  "" the situation "" "" in the black ethnostate here """
" is firing up the crowd at #vvs16 .  "" things are about to get a little politically incorrect . "" "" """
" is this true ? 84 schools have no white british pupils in the united kingdom in 2013 via  "" """
" it's not too bad  lol.when i click on  "" censorship  "" "" it redirects to the "" "" cultural marxism "" "" page . the "" "" learn more "" "" button does work  though . """
" let's stop  "" white people "" "" together . """
" lol : non-white invaders says  "" europe is too cold  we want to go back "" "" via """
" negatively of religious folks by the day . i remember a few months back posted a pic of his church with a  "" refugees are """
" neither god nor asks anyone 2 kill . it is all human who  "" love 2 kill "" "" & "" "" kill 2 love "" "" in other faith  war is a chapter but here war is faith """
" nuance and objectivity ? sounds like you're  "" enabling white supremacy "" "" mr . weigel . try hysteria and distortion . """
" out of the mouths of babes  robert . he hasn't learned the true power of misunderstanding while  "" desperately seeking islam "" "" ! ! """
" read the book  "" be the world and me "" "" . my sis made me when i became race realist . it blames black on black violence on "" "" white supremacy "" "" . """
" robert spencer of does important work--listen to him on latest  "" on the money "" "" show """
" rt  "" a group of teenagers from north africa who were living in stockholm have been found guilty of gang raping a ... """
" rt  "" arabs  mixed-race people  white hispanics and others who could ' pass ' would be doing whatever they could to get white privilege if it were real . "" "" - gregory hood """
" rt  "" books are not worth more than their ability to inspire  educate and motivate exceptional people to action . "" "" - """
" rt  "" no modi wave "" "" ~ omar fools will feel there is no modi wave "" "" ~ omar """
" rt . the blood of brittney watts is on your hands and all those peddling  "" white privilege "" "" #facingrace """
" rt : 1 . : . promotes  "" conspiratorial #antimuslim agenda under pretext of fighting #radicalislam "" "" h """
" rt : many white racialists think that because a politician is  "" white "" "" on the outside  he is "" "" one of us "" "" - wrong ! """
" rt bangladeshi  "" : wahhabis are taking over indian mosques  spending crores to grow : intelligence bureau report """
" rt david boaz at condemns trump for  "" know-nothing protectionism . "" "" but what has 50 years of free-trade wrought ? #nrorevolt """
" rt rt  "" : the first slave owner in america was a black man ! read more : via "" "" not white ? ? """
" rt satishverma confessed  that 26/11 was the handiwork of the indian govt  "" - doval #congexposedonishrat """
" rt ted cruz is counting on america seeing him as a  "" reasonable alternative "" "" when in fact he's the very opposite . """
" rt the false narrative : vanderbilt university football player sentenced to 15 years in prison for rape :  "" that's ... """
" rt the much-touted  "" libertarian moment "" "" didn't come to pass . but i'll settle for the isolationist moment . """
" rt this is all old news but i like the use of words  "" the former british colony now uses us dollars . "" "" """
" rt watch :  "" it may not be too late "" "" abortion pill reversal is possible : #ru486 """
" rt will a saudi led military coalition go after islamic jihadis or  "" terrorists "" "" like western nations ? #shariakills """
" the comments ... people are freaking out that most of the  "" antifa "" "" are white ! """
" they need to get rid of  "" evropa "" "" unless they wanna open a chapter in europe imo """
" trump said in that interview - hillary has been through enough and that the clintons were  "" great people """
" watch the rapid decline of  "" white america "" "" over three decades """
" we should always be focusing on people on the fence . never  "" normies "" "" . there are people waiting to take """
" well if that's  "" due process "" ""  to quote a famous british court case "" "" i'm a banana "" "" . """
" why do you say you are for  "" freedom "" "" when you clearly want to use the law to impose your own religion ? """
" why not  "" individual "" "" determination ? why "" "" pro white "" "" or "" "" pro black "" "" ? white and black are fake categories . """
" with cute little phrases like  "" normie "" "" that imply everyone can just be awoken to revolutionary ideologi """
" yes driven  because the majority won't just willingly trade . some people actually mean it when they say  "" for blood and soil . "" "" """
" you mislead people by saying opposite of islam is  "" white "" "" . this is not a race issue . """
" you should read the dictionary  badger . white :  "" belonging to a group of european descent . """
#alwaystrump because billionaires and millionaires shouldn't be able to buy our elections anymore
#auspol new black panther leader says he's gonna hunt down and kill white people via
#balochistan should declare independence  stop paying taxes to pakistan  stop gas supply & ask 4 international recognition .
#cuckservatives : house republicans ban confederate flag in federal cemetaries = = = > via
#donaldtrump + beats = the trump tapes . purchase includes trumpless ( instrumental ) version . get it here :
#ucsd agrees to spend millions on bogus charges in time of massive budget cuts .
' holocaust ' debate / comments / news us holocaust museum to collect items for time capsule : we need to be a ...
' holocaust ' debate / comments / news wikipedia uses auschwitz documents as example for euphemisms ! : you hea ...
* if they aren't white . ftfy .
- - - do a deep dive on liberia for your next video . it is not a nation that ever experienced slavery or imperialism / colonialism . it's biggest influence was from being given aid and transport * away * from oppressive whites to found their own country .
- i think all you guys speak the same language .
. : support for gay marriage has fallen to its lowest level in over a year h / t
. dear white people  minorities don't need you to be their white savior
. morning bell : 5 #immigration falsehoods from the white house
. nope . #hobbylobby #conestoga just don't want to be involved in purchase of abortion drugs #notmybossbusiness
. will u save hindus or force them to crave to be minority in the name of development ?
... i am a white american and i just hate racial profiling . i embrace all ppl  religion and creed . we are all made from god !
1 / at this point  i hope cernovich goes down like milo
254 indian women from modest backgrounds died in the course of a 15 - year us-funded clinical trial
4 / years ago  we started building up a real world network here in the south . it's great knowing so many people who share my politics
7 . ' indigenous ' people in america are not ' first nations '  the ' mound builder ' people were before them
: #auspol mt jew-hate rises w . muslim religiosity
: #myjihad in tanzania : muslim cleric tells converts to bury their christian parents as if they were dead dogs . ...
: #scotus overrode tens of millions of americans who recently reaffirmed marriage as the union of #1m1w . #scotusmarriage
: antifas in alabama ? i hope they enjoy the all-expense-paid helicopter ride there  but the deep south ain't ber
: any comments on reality ?
: black spree shooter wanted to kill as many white people as possible
: can you run your own business according to your beliefs ? phoenix law says no h ...
: i am against needless interventionism but iran's terror-promoting misadventures show the need for western /
: i am offended by this cowardice and surrender to a barbaric and satanic culture . by the way  as the left
: i witnessed awr do same at lee circle . it was ace baker w / awr . marched in like they owned the place then cuck
: join us for an educational morning conference the day before the #marchforlife ! #prolife
: remember harvard professor who want to abolish the white race
: retweeted elder lansing ( ): 25 people were shot in chicago between friday and this morning  with 5 ...
: the latest from identity
: two of my favorite alt-right accounts are and .
: watch now : excerpts from various fair media appearances in 2010 #afire #noamnesty
: white lives matter : an autopsy via
: why don't you educate yourself on what islam really teaches . and get a clue
? ? ? refugees is not invaders u idiot paranoida ..
a #hero is coming uk  never u worry .
a beautiful journey : rare pictures of hitler meeting britain's duke of windsor up for auction #swrm
a comedy duo w / no direction leading boonies towards the renaissance aesthetic and drinking kool aid
a disturbed jewish kid ( klebold ) and his disturbed anti-racist ( anti-white ) friend . story used by media to attack gun ownership
a pic of black white supremisist ... black alt right nationals . ... not ! ! !
a report by the southern poverty law center identifies 27 active anti-gay hate groups : 9 . true light pentecost church ( spartanburg  sc )
a white supremacist claiming
abortion clinic appeals to the rich : do you want a latte with that abortion pill ? #tcot
absolutely  let's make sure socialists are not involved . they cannot be trusted .
actually that bit of hate was brought to you by nwo to cause hatred and division and only one died they expected hillary to win
after seeing that video hunter i changed my mind - freedom of speech only goes so far - he talks about boys underage = poison pill
after they killed all the whites  they killed all those of mixed race .
agreed but not u being racist
air force and atc must be on full alert to ensure security for pm in coming days . israeli experts can be hired to defeat pak .
ak now wants anna to lead aapanna wants ak to leave aap
also lets see if you believe in the reverse . is america rightly owned by white americans ?
also the talk of a full tenure is just a police lobby idea . work orno work ; full tenure ? no shifting ? how it helps law & order
alveda king is a saint and an absolute patriot . christian  pro-life  and just a very rational  good person . honored to be on her side .
amazon's jeff bezos announces $ 2 billion investment in india
america had a white only immigration policy .
american citizens ! god says  but if the kkk continues to go on and ...
and enslaved africans built white house
and if somebody really thinks they must vote then vote third party or write in . it won't do anything but make you feel good but
and it takes a lot of power to get so many people to buy narratives . it's why we should focus on build
and kill a lot of his own people .
and people ask why i need 100 round drums .
and said leftist does view them all the same  considers milo alt right etc
and the minority european catholic in nyc !
and they're white . and christian .
and what honest people are you talking about ?
and who are these people ?
and with christians persecuting muslims ... the persecution is mutual  rather than taking sides you should be opposing both .
and yet  it's more important to separate from white yankees than to work with other us whites to separate from non-whites .
and you sir  are a moron  thoes white people need all the help we can give
another racist coward . goodbye
anti-lgbt hate group has failed to convince the nation to oppose marriage equality and has failed basic math .
anything to avoid admitting you side with the wrong people . #alternativefacts and delusion
are all white people white supremacists ?
are you wearing a mask ? when a group forms in hate  the future is not theirs . white is not a dirty word   but you folks help make it one ! #multiraceamerica #resistracism #resist #hitlersucked
army to fight ' white privilege ' : via
arvind kejriwal day dream - his own mla's are not sure of winning again and will join bjp with no perks
at this point you're just acting like a demon or demonic demon at that you can't retweet anything that i've said that's anti-white all my tweets are strictly against white supremacy has nothing to do with hating anyone's race and you know that
babies feel pain after the are born but republicans want to get rid of their healthcare . babies with medical conditions will die .
battle of charlottesville : president trump finally addresses leftist terrorists in decent press con via
beautiful shot of the supreme court bldg this morning . praying justice is done for jack phillips dec 5 when hears his case . no one should be forced by the government to do something contrary to their deeply held beliefs ! #justiceforjack
biharis were scared of my  ishrat abbu who became cm on rss votewant 2 allow lalu the privilege of rape &
bjp and agp will contest assam election together . prafful kumar mahant meets amit shah . bjp general secretary present
bjp promises to make delhi a world class city . women security  transparency in governance  housing  power and water supply to be priority ar
black on white crime is the thing that made me a wn .
black spree shooter wanted to kill as many white people as possible | read more : via
booker and harris are racist
boston marathon jihad murderer knew of brother's role in 9/11 / 11 murders of jews
boycott the anti-white racist censorship  boycott zuckerbergs facebook :
breaking : trump doubles florida lead since last weektrump 44 % ( + 6 ) rubio 27 % ( - 3 ) cruz 17 % ( - - ) kasich 9 % ( - 1 )
bring all those who want to contest . we have big ideas . aap has stolen our idea of cheap electricity . we know all economics .
britain's imperial state ! ! for saving britain all english speaking people were called upon to fight hitler .
british buddhist mission to tibet in 1922 bears testimony to tibet's independence .
but is the black on white crimes archive there ? i don't see it .
but it wont lose him white support ... still have a long way to go for white america to reach that point .
but the media told me slippery slopes don't exist ...
byron york : heidi cruz : ' ted is an immigrant ' via
camps in in white
can i be black now you guys ?
can somebody please explain to me how this is racist ? i guess people need to be ashamed of being white . this country has gone insane .
case you missed and at uc berkeley  here's the whole stream . watch it ! #altright
caution washington dc residents . white supremacist group met in alexandria this morning . the group was founded by nathan damigo  who is known for attacking people who appear to be muslim . they might be dressed in suits but please be careful . they may attack .
charlottesville pc alfred thomas jr . told reprtrs heyer killed crossing street af
charlottesville wasn't about blacks . the main fighting was white on white .
collapse of the counter-jihad left continues : sam harris says trumps muslim ban is a terrible policyunethical
cologne arab gang stole from churches to fund isis | full story :
comes from the white identitarian groups . they're white pride but not racist against non-whites . they respect their history  love their heritage .
comparison to melania trump is a false equivalency via
congratulations shri on world #yoga day ! !
congress isn't going to defund pp or obamacare . they only care about importing cheap labor . #cuckservative
conspiracy what conspiracy ? : from time to time when getting into a discussion on the holocaust with a newbie  ...
correctthink is absorbed osmotically in nyc . there are sane people but few & far between . fox will even
councilor offended by anti-racist = anti-white stickers in lincoln  england via
cry me a river lacy . white people talking about white identity  basically talking about genocide ... unless you know what that word means .
cuckservatives : rand paul went to haiti to court a jade helm promoting billionaire sugar daddy : rand paul desp ...
cultural appropriation you mean . anyone who thinks they can just strut around with their cholera or hep-c is basically just a thief !
danish film tells horror story of german prisoners told to clear mines after wwii | read more : via
did they name the white antifa ?
did they steal these signs from antifa ?
distaste for dc politicians at all-time high . #congress #fail #politics #obama
dnc chair has a real human that hates white people and his co chair hates white people too . should they
do we want a govt w / the power to force us to hold certain events in our own homes against our will or be punished ?
do you even know these people personally or just randomly calling them racist ? because you're a complete nimwit .
do you know anyone in the black community who likes trump or carson ? do they realize it is gop that want charter schools ?
do you not exist ? if you dont like it move  start having white babies or start to pry for spontaneous mass suicide of all the people you hate
don't you people understand you can destroy white monuments but cannot touch monuments
donald trump postpones planned israel visit - israel news
doubt he hates white people ... kanye west ... maybe .
dr . kevin macdonald trump  identity politics & political correctness #makeamericagreatagain
dw i'm white look here's my hand
earthquakes are painful and tragic as well . but they're not terror . yes - white people kill . doesn't automatically make it terror .
edward viii wanted to ally with hitler and blamed jews and reds for wwii va
especially something made by white people for their own benefit  no less ? incomprehensible !
estonia : 1000 white nationalists protest against non-white invasion | full story :
european jews are at least as white as italians & spaniards . have less genetic similarity to palestinians than greeks do .
europeans have a common iq of about 100  but some differ by very subtle iq variations
everyone must be convinced that the fact is real  the process necessary  the necessity correct .
excellent video explaining the #altright by of do not except msm media
except now democrats demonize people that happen to be white .
excited for #vvs15 ! follow and for insight on faith  family  & freedom in our nation's capital .
explains white flight again
explicitly huwhite !
eyes wide shut . wake up people ! ! #truth #911 #war #peace
fair immigration is a branded hate group . members include racists and white supremacists . check them out . disgusting group .
fair is a hate group as noted by splc . here i looked it up for you . white supremecy .
fair is a known hate group with its roots in white supremacy .
fbi : anti-white hate crimes are the fastest growing racial hate crimes in america
federal judge says he will declare ohio's marriage amendment unconstitutional h / t
fetal homicide laws and legal abortion pose inconsistencies that just don't make sense :
florida governor signs bill that terminates most funding for planned parenthood
following all walter's winsome americans . :)
fore sure : i'm exhausted by losers and bored of losing.you ' re repelling good people ( and
frc's cathy ruse to testify before congress at 4pm et in support of ' no taxpayer funding of abortion act ' #prolife #tcot
from the white house to the outhouse ... : obumus in the toilet
gee  14 people with the same exact politics . in hollywood.who woulda thought ?
genuinely curious ; where do you link them to the corporate elite ? the international clique seeks to eradicate european / american identity . unless there is another layer i am unfamiliar with in the grand scheme  promoting european / american identity runs contrary to their desires .
german anti-islam #pegidaleader summoned on hate speech charges
germans now the minority in frankfurt #swrm via
germany : 2 charged with co-founding far-right terror group - abc news - via
germany : there are by now legal proceedings against more than 200 suspects in connection to islamic state
gestaltere filmmaker news is out ! stories via
good advice ! thanks for the support #makeamericagreatagain
good question . some people do  generally only those whose parents recently immigrated .
got up to 330 on the hex bar #liftwaffe
great interview with jared taylor from . must watch !
great news ! dr . snelling finally gets permit to study grand canyon after being denied for beliefs .
hating a uniform  is not hating white people
he's not a white supremacist and that guy you're replying to is nothing more than a racist and i'm blocking him too
heavy monsoon rains approaching kolkata and east india - skymet weather #kolkata
hey blanket wearing racist dm me
hey if antifa women want to act like men they will be treated as such ! !
hey ignorant you think all whites are rednecks  have blonde hair.many latinos are white  and you're afraid of them marrying your daughter . lol
hey there white not what do you think of this ?
hey white boy . what's up ?
high court won't rule on 10 commandments monument #legal #government #newmexico
hill is saying that southerners are white people  but the two are not interchangeable
hope napa california wakes up before the city or county has an innocent citizen victimized . politics at play .
hopefully the white working democrats of the north will continue on the path of the southern white democrats .
how come we hear about it when a black person is killed but not a white person that is just racist .
how dare you call a hate group you are pushing the racist / anti-american #fakenews #scumbags
how exactly am i  an american not from the south  helping drag down the south ? seems like you're picking the wrong fight to me .
how is it you guys haven't figured out this was a staged op ? very disheartening that the alt-right seem
how many of those trump supporters have already been banned and censored on social media ? milo  for example  is banned
how white skin evolved in europeans via
hundreds of reasons why #raghuramrajan must go immediately pl . warn americans not to meddle
hunter  what is with that 10 point moore fox poll ?
hunter wallace has a way with words :
i agree with taylor . trump has a problem hammering down a point . he's too vague
i am a proud white male . #shiningalight
i am mexican and have great white friends . i was married to one . yes  not all white people are racist .
i appreciate govt . of india .
i appreciated that he thanked the south . republicans never do that - ever .
i can't believe the white suprmscists haven't gotten around to making him non black yet  they're slipp'n
i disavow new vision of a country that is 90 % white simply isn't white enough .
i don't think so . he is racial  no racist .
i don't think so . social media in the hands of the free market is heavily censored . in contrast  the telephone lines are uncensored
i don't understand why you're so racist and sexist ?
i guess i'm a racist too ! i stand with you !
i guess southerners mock tax cuts like wallace is doing too huh .
i had a holocaust survivor tell me the other day that she was very upset when trump got elected . afte
i hope every white person in va watches this .
i just block all alt light figures .
i live a few blocks from a liberal university i would love to get some of these posters
i see a few white ppl with black kids
i want the t-shirt . kafir . colored red  white and blue !
i'll take the alt whatever of this nonsense
i'm a socialist and i oppose what taylor stands for . as disagreeable as his views are  he never advocated violence and this is just a case of censorship  something that should concern us all .
i'm curious  do you know what jihad actually means ? or are you making it up to suit what you believe it to mean ?
i'm not white  brainiac .
i'm sure he's got a degree in sabbath goy genetics from noel ignatiev university with a minor in cucking .
i'm sure the native americans would be happy to spare you fellas oklahoma  like we once did to them
i've been harassed by white dudes . didn't make me hate all white ppl . just the racist ones
i've seen more confederate flags in pa than i ever saw in ga .
identity evropa seems like the more serious cadre org right now . they're the ones rev socialist cadre orgs are worried about .
if he doesen't cuck i wont doubt him again
if it's your religion it's ok ... in today's world ...
if that makes you a racist i guess i'm one too .
if you are a republican you have a racist for a leader own it
im black lol can i join
important read from this morning on marriage debate and young evangelicals :
in case you're wondering why the alt-right is raising alarm bells about our demographic future .
in islam murder is part of the ramadan festival of activities .
in stead of adjourning parliament 5 times a day  pl . adjourn it sine-die without wasting any further time and people's money
in this book  heidi cruz says we defeated the soviets in the cold war to implement the globalist vision of free trade #cruzcrew
in this timeline  i actually wouldn't be surprised if sweden is saved by a nationalist uprising led by pewdiepie
in your opinion do you think that #kurds are aryan or white or something else ?
instead they are closing down malls yelling something about white people  again !
interesting that you equate illegal with race . are you a racist ?
interestingly enough  each of those examples is practiced right now in many non white cultures .
international yoga conference at ujjain shall bring out a declaration of yoga for harmony  health  sustainable development and world peace .
invasion of europe : the ship is going down ( op-edge by sam gerrans )
is he white ?
is live with in 5 minutes to discuss fl primary & the contraceptive mandate on religious institutions .
is there anything more useless in the world than #trucons ?
is this for real ? i had no idea there were so many racist white people until i opened twitter . unbelievable . and they're letting him speak
isis is doing the same thing across the middle east . antifa thugs even dress like isis  now they r trying to remove monuments of us history
it shouldn't matter black or white  the loss of a human life is devastating !
it was a tragic #war - #hitler #germany #jews #history
it was bound to happen . once bannon and milo left  they started growing too much . they've become the ve
it's a tough call deciding who holds the championship belt on #hypocrisy and lies . #gop or #dems #foxnews #rnc2012 #dnc #corruption
it's about internationalism ( communism / socialism ) vs . nationalism ( zionism / nationalism )
it's amazing seeing how a peaceful rally for kaepernick receives more hate from white people than the white supremacy rally #kaepernickrally
it's cute how people still think voting makes a difference . it doesn't . repubs & dems come together fo
it's ever the white man's burden to educate ...
it's just money - jeeeesh ! and i'm jewish ? ! there's more to life than money .
it's time to create an international tribunal to investigate countries financing & arming isis
it's totally degrading . not the being white bit  but taking something away from who you are as a human being . dems should be ashamed .
its corey young i'm pretty sure .
its here in calif . and is being abused who can help us here . i amits stopped as well as abortion theyre one in the same disgusting act !
jared are the speakers for amren 2017 almost set ?
jared taylor is extremely intelligent and articulate .
jewish harvard professor noel ignatiev wants to abolish the white race ! read more : via
jewish harvard professor noel ignatiev wants to abolish the white race via @ elderofzyklon via
jews freak out after german policemen play goebbels speech on radio at g7 summit | full story :
jfc has there been a single huwhite supreemist hate crime that was actually done by a white person ?
just leave our campus . white supremacy is not welcome here or anyplace for that matter in this country
just wondering  how are your organizations feelings towards white people who affiliate themselves with non-white non-sympathizers ?
justification for #manchester jihad ? in muhammad's own words : bukhari ( 52:256 ) - the prophet ... was asked ...
kathy remember i'm a white russian bot !
kejriwal hs deployed 250 cameras to prevent rigging by bjp goons.surprising hes not scared of seasoned goons like ajay rai n mukhtar ansari !
kind of flawed logic . abd what is a white nationalist  a nationalist with white skin ?
kiran bedi wants autonomy for police  ( effectively a police stste ) . we have just seen great police like ap singh .
lame as attempt at black speak ... white people ...
left-wing ' anti-hate ' splc cheated tax laws  says legal complaint via
leftists march against white people across the usa via
like his liberty university charade  trump will genuflect at values voters summit next month .
lol man  brother got to proce he aint lost his mind . welcome to being a white supremist & u dont need to be white . ask williams
lol youre citing a white supermicist  eugenic affiliated  anti immigrant think tank  whose objective is to keep usa a white hegemonic state
lolll thats ur not a racist defense .. when white people do something like that .. u laugh and still say u can be racist ..
looks like a white ginger to me tbh
looks like it's the gop that's trying to kill us .
maam ... we are talking about promoting white supremacy pseudo iq myths
mapanti-trump hate map - american renaissance
mattogno books waiting for english translations : from the senate moves to outlaw holocaust denial ...
mccain is not and has never been a republican . people forget that he was the bernie sander
meds are white
milo is being too defensive . as cernovich said  he needs to cry and show contrition
minorities are not rounding up white americans and killing us off . what are you so afraid of ?
mizzou demonstrators segregate white allies to form ' black only healing space ' via
modi is your sevak . but it is you  the people of maharashtra who will change the state . #voteforbjp
modis demonetization scheme is likely the most daring and successful single attack on terrorist financing  certainly for india .
more ' holocaust ' cartoons : from our ' forum rvisionniste en franais ' here are some easily understood informat ...
more drug dealers are white
more than 10000 people are evacuated across moscow after bomb threats
mossad agents cheered 9/11  says american jewish academic at anti-israel conference in ireland
mr . taylor is exceptionally patient .
my scope : arab world will soon become hindu .
national socialism : as usual  #history repeats itself - an excerpt from mein kampf . #hitler #news #economy
national socialism rising in russia : government ban on holocaust revisionism ! read more : via
nationalist  populist and brace patriot . can't you recruit some more like you
nearly 3 million hindus were never accounted for and are presumed dead . genocide to describe .
new mtv show publicly shames white people for what theyve done in america
next it will be people wearing clean white shirts .. via
no doubt trump not calling out antifa / leftists violence has emboldened the little domestic terrorists . great job  trump !
no let black people have equal access to resources and eliminate the root causes of the violence
no need for continued pile on . #altright has already proven it can ditch facts for opportunism & virtue signalling today .
no wonder you only have 22 followers ... your actions here are detested by most americans that value honest debate .
nope  and if you bring it up  you're a racist
nope . everything i've read about them wrt the left is that they more or less get along .
nothing any city or state can do to stop federal govt . from enforcing federal law . they are wasting tax dollars .
notice how they use the power of emotion as propaganda . people are easily swayed by tears and emotional outbursts .
now they want to make him a white supremacist .
now you understand why india badly needs fuhrer ! !
obama claims he doesn't know the motive of a serial killer who said he wanted to kill whites especially white cops . wow !
of course .. they never do anything ( i'm sure it's someone's fault  somewhere ) . never any personal responsibility .
of course they are . these antifa kids are the people who get beat up in life and are trying
of on cultural libertarian / alt-right split : #altright #newright
oh like the shootings and lynchings of black teens by white people
ohmagawd calvin we are black people . chill tf out
ok  sorry gotta go . im very pleased that you listened to me and were so respectful . it's not often people ask honest questions & listen
on #givingtuesday i'd like to remind you about people like   and who help preserve our culture  history  nations and people .
only if they were alt-right .
only the #trucons have been decisively rejected #caring
oreilly plays to white stereotypes of blacks | the occidental observer
organizations are what coordinate campaigns and mentors activists / lobbyists & future office holders . th
our fuhrer tried desperately to maintain peace with other nations of europe by presenting a fair ajenda but they refused to listen .
our great white race is coming back 2 life and does not like what we all see in america . sieg heil ! #workingclass
our party actively seeks support of to build hindu india . rss is the custodian of our traditions .
people have been combing over video frame by frame on youtu
people today just assume if you're white your
percentage of european live births outside of marriage .
perhaps would be willing to head this up if people now being censored can raise  sa
periscope from with heading to lincoln memorial .
pl ask to give details of 22000 mws and not count few hundred villages out of 6 lakhs
pl help behan mayawati become chief minister of uttar pradesh
planned parenthood to repay $ 1.4 million following texas medicaid fraud investigation |
please continue to define ' white supremacy '
please note : is an anti-racist account - do not follow - block - please rt
please see for thousands of examples of white
plus they are racist too . always have been . always will be . here's 100 + facts proving dems are racist
point is-they also  exclusively have dna markers of levant-all jews from there .
pp denials payment services to so you set up an acc . for them people donate to it  then they withdrawal from it periodically
president trumo paid a higher tax rate than obama . democrats you are beyond stupid and petty !
probably just has a phobia-based prejudice of rural white folk due to ( ( ( anti-white propaganda ) ) ) .
racist ! ! !
racist hate group afraid of hit piece > they don't see truth here >
racist people are dot
read the quran no worse then the torah and new testament .
real headline : potus baits social conservatives about gender-pacolypse to distract from epic fails .
renewed plan to smash white suburbs in
respectfully i don't think ba ever argued for an ethno state  just white rights . he's a nice guy at the end of the day .
result of hindu unity few years ago modi was denied visa to usahe is addressing us congress today
robert  do you really trust what this admin says ?
ron paul : cruz is a puppet of goldman sachs
rt : check out the #prolife movement's first in-depth analysis of abortion demographics
rt bakers get emotional day in court #supportsweetcakes #prayforkleins
rudolf hess ' last words before final jugdment in colour ( video ) | more : via
run out if arguments ? i clearly stated wall will always be covered by security making border hopping ineffective .
russia could swiftly occupy saudi arab & bombard pakistan 2 force muslims 2 give up islam
senators urge obama to stay on sidelines of #immigration debate - #noamnesty
she was innocent ; what a shame that saddhvi pragya singh was torturted for such a long time
should of had me on so we could of had the whole manlete nationalism crew haha
since your great white hope is already backpedaling  will you go back to being silent ? #trump #workingclass #14words
so can i come to your white power meeting and tell you to your face that you're an idiot ? or  as a state park is public  have my own instead
so there are no black people & whites never did anything wrong to them and there are no germans and jews and no reason to discuss ww2 right ?
so your idea is to start being dishonest like them even though people are c
so zema you can't say white lives matter too ?
some people waiting years in line for their immigration & some jump the queue ; why punish those follow law ?
sorry  cecilia ! even nyt admits  after reporting  that us policy changes are driving latest surge across border
speaking of periscope  i will have to start sifting through  i'm sure not done with charlottesville cov
stay classy antifa
still not white
stop giving platform to & his anti-gay ? his ties to white supremacist #cofcc is repugnant .
stop white genocide
study : white resistance increases as minority status looms via
stupid people say stupid stuff you are stupid
sturdy colls visiting majdanek and its 6 - erm - 2 gas chambers : iframe ...
suspected spiritual and clan leader
sweden : policeman caught by violent mob inside muslim area left alone by colleagues for fear of riots
swedish politicians propose deploying military in no-go zones to combat gang violence via
swiss government adopts new anti-money laundering rules
tech jobs r being replaced in us by contractors n the ones profiting from it ? corps n staffing companies
ted cruz is third-placing his way to victory ! he's unstoppable by anyone who is placing fourth or lower !
ted cruz isn't real via
thanks to & others i know the origin of radical islamism . bro .
that cant be you on that pic cause i dont know no black folks as ugly as yo azz .
that won't help a thing . repetition is not the answer . people are going to
that's with the last best chance to save america in charge . who would choose to bring a white child into this ?
the #altright is a mask for racism and isolationism . #whitepropaganda
the alliance defending freedom is not a hate group . learn more here :
the best way to protect children is to promote marriage : via
the blood is on antifa and city of charlottesville's hands . clear as day .
the contempt of conservatives for the poor  especially poor whites  is disgusting .
the core of identity is ethnicity  i've heard some say .
the democratic national committee would not allow the fbi to study or see its computer info after it was supposedly hacked by russia ...
the difference between white people and black people
the end of a myth : most new serial killers in america are not white males #swrm #serialkiller #wp
the end of a myth : most new serial killers in america are not white males via
the evolution of white supremacy in carolina ( part iv ) via
the human cost of the attack on religious liberty via #christianpersecution #1a
the left is also the party of stomping white supremacists when they show themselves too !
the libertarian legend
the northeast / midatlantic can be discounted as trump's home turf . just like the deep south  right ?
the ppl paying them must b arrested take away the money no antifa
the racial order of prisons : via #prison
the right to die in belgium : an inside look at world's most liberal euthanasia law
the rise of white identity politics via
the south isnt racist they just hate liberals which means they're smart !
the surjewala internship has taught alka lamba great sense . 4delhi bjp ?
the unite the right rally is going to be a turning point for white identity in america
the white house is now a sanctuary city by this definition
the white race has the launch codes . what else really matters ?
the whole time i thought they hate you because of what you and your ancestors stood for . silly me .
the women issue is that women are heckling people who understand that our current situation is the result of women heckling people
then why wouldn't it be helpful to use american identity to win them over ?
then you have a lot of racist right behind you !
then you own your own venue for meetings and socials . white patriots need such facilities !
there is no european culture . the germans fought two wars of extermination against france  belgium  italy  britain  etc . ...
there were two classes : white and bl
these guys are so traumatized by trump winning they've formed an edgy antifa twitter campaign
these people are irrationally angry .
they could care a less about real results  only the impression that they are their cham
they do watch tv . sure the media will never portray you fairly  but 1.0 didn't exactly help themselves either .
this bigot > > speak about violence on muslims on but has double standards when 3000 hindus are killed by tipu
this is cuckoldry  people
this is germany 2 . o . they are still trying to control the world
this is stupid  white genocide is not real
this type of hate in america is not good for anyone and should not be tolerated nor entertained . especially not by the white house .
those people in the black and white photo were ahead of their time .
thoughts on capitalism while we're in the midst of this ideological separation of the alt right ?
three deaths in munde family is not private tragedy ; it is national issue of mighty criminals having party at public cost
til black people ruled england  spain  italy  russia & all europe during the dark ages .
true they hate black conservatives and black cops yet they love a white guy pretending to be black in . they are delusional !
trump is a self-serving corporate elitist & fraud . unfit to serve .
trumpkin thinking for sure ! funny !
trumps white walkers
uhm  do i have to remind you white people came from europe ?
uk : 70 muslim terrorists are plotting attacks in the country
uk : huge fire engulfing western europes largest mosque in south london
unfortunately once moore is elected  alabamians will lose their respected unquestioned position as sole moral arbiters of national morality and social policy so generously granted to them by the mainstream media .
uranium one  fast and furious using the fbi as an extension of the democrat party etc
us strengthens trade engagement with india
via : death toll in islamic state jihad bombing in baghdad now 213 #tcot
violent white nationalist protests prompt state of emergency in virginia
virginia and north carolina wrestle with religious freedom : religious freedom is dying in the south
wait i don't understand  why is it all white people ?
war against the south : we are in a purge moment : political correctness is running wild
warriors  come ! very homo-erotic . sexy white men . oooooh .
watch ! color footage of berlin in 1936 before the second world war | more : via
we are all human race . white skin is a evolutionary trait to absorb vitamin d
we are not fighting the white race  they are our friends
we don't need them  our people can thrive alone like we did in the past .
we live in a system of systematic white supremacy . it effects us on many levels .
we must stand together to stop the attack on our 1st amendment religious freedoms pls rt
we want the peoples strength to be released within the nation  forging the people once more into a strong block .
we're hosting a tweet-chat about the 2016 #marchforlife ! join us on thursday at 4pm est --> #mfl16chat
welcome to delawaristahn . #cairishamas #counterjihad
welcome to secular germany . vote bank politics of #merkelthis is what brought to india in last 60 years
well said . least expcted 4m him he shud intrspect why all original colleauges resigned ? ego !
wereally need to figure out a way to get these antifa gofundme campaigns shut down . they collected almo
what about the terrorism white people have caused like the .
what if all your financial records were subpoenaed by a third party opening u up 2 theft of all u own
what is ' it ' that white europeans have no right to ? are you ok ?
what our race has lost : a look at the last of the aryans of asia | read more :
what out ancestors stole  you mean .
what was excessive ? he and his crew used hammers and bats on people and ko'd someone with
what's white supremacy ?
where are the white folks who need jobs ?
where are the white kids ?
where the victims white ?
white 4 white
white children = = = > via
white genocide in the united states of america a 100 year history | read more : via
white house reaches out to illegal aliens ... via #noamnesty
white identity rally in san francisco ! via :/ /
white liberals are all over the south  you just can't see it in a graph like this
white lives matter is about being racist against every other race . there is no oppressi
white lives matter news coverage via
white lives matter via #labordayweekend #hermine #maga #whitelivesmatter #blacklivesmatter
white munich man who insulted haji terrorist being investigated for hate
white nationalist alt-right celebrates a banner month via
white nationalists and blm are more similar than both would like to admit .
white people are racist against other white people . talk about being indoctrinated !
white people build up . we don't tear down .
white people need respect too #stopthehate
white people owned white people .
white pride flags are good though .
white privilege
white race
white racialist and you like ron paul ? watch about the 11 minute mark  he's like the rest . against white americans
white reporter loses his job for violating the standard :
white supremacy in multi-racial america . why ? our adversarial interview with #charlestonshooting
white tourists savagely beaten in new orleans via #boycottnola
white women with tattoos are the worst
who is white ? the irish and italians were discriminated in the past . the germans have t
who said white ? oh  yea  you did . white obsessed i see . i don't see that way . good is good no matter what color .
why do you hate white people so much ?
why were you there ? violent counter protestors trying to deprive people of their right to free speech is an exclusively left wing phenomenon
why your govt allowed scandalous price for gas produced in indian gas fields ?
will #alberta police investigate muhammads death penalty for gays as hate speech ? #canada
will you have any problem if pakistan will be part of india ?
with a nitro boost day in and day out . like the president says  america first and we won't accept anything else . fair immigration is ours to decide . thank you .
with an annual income of 150k i doubt they are high school grads . theyre obviously highly educated in most cases . race is a way better predictor of voting trends among non-white electorate than any other indicator . time for conservatives to realize white voter are the base .
world needs national socialist party
wow  are you an idiot . yeah  i'd call you a racist too .
wow - prejudice right out of 1950 ! it's like watching an old tv show in black & white !
wow imagine feeling so self conscious you have to put other people down hmmm can't relate
yeah  i hope they are better than they were in berkeley .
yeah  i thought it was a joke when i first saw the story ... never in my wildest dreams did i think anything like that would ever happen here !
yehi to acche din hain  secular modi ke ..
yes  hitler really did take the guns from jews before ... : yes  hitler really did take the guns from jews befo ...
yes  without antifa violence everyone would just listen . and the argu
yes . national socialist party .
yes he really did say that . he also destroyed black families with his great society leading to single parent households & cycle of poverty .
yes jim and cnn especially was primed and ready for it to be a white supremacist so they could blame potus trump .
york  pa . #fashthecity
you are a blight on the white race  fascist .
you do understand back on 1790 you weren't considered white
you fondly imagine that europeans see you as ' their people ' . go to any
you guys are laughing stock the country is mobilized and this pro white movement will be crushed
you heard them guys #altright
you horrible racist  you . * sarcasm intended *
you may be right . i don't advocate violence  except in defense . #antifa is a blunt  discredited instrument  but it's better than nothing .
you mean 66k pro-white posts .
you mean you didn't want a third bush term ?
you only have white neighbors ?
you state all you see is black on black crime in your world & u see not hear nor read of white on white crimes in alabama ?
you sure didn't mind championing their success in sacramento .
you're white .
your base is people like you . nothing more . there aren't very many from what i've seen .
your so right on the money here hunter too bad matt walsh is recalcitrant like the hop elite i think
"  "" : jindal : "" "" the medieval christian threat is under control  mr . president "" "" "" / / hahahaha ! """
"  "" a defense of #unitetheright and through her  of the south "" "" """
"  "" president-elect trump promised to nominate pro life supreme court justices  and we will hold him to that "" "" #first100days """
"  "" the families [ critics ] don't talk about are the families of americans forever separated from the people they love . "" "" - """
"  "" true conservatism "" "" is actually "" "" classic liberalism "" ""  just an older form of leftism . """
"  "" white supremacists sabotage their communities "" "" """
"  "" working class whites "" "" should have embraced getting an education the """
" #boycottnetflix : netflix to launch  "" dear white people "" "" show via """
" ( roof is evidently a  "" verbal "" "" "" "" genius . "" "" unsurprising [ and narrative-destroying ] . no word on scott's iq . ) """
" 71 - year-old austrian doctor sentenced for  "" holocaust denial "" "" | read more : """
" ann  what are you talking about here ? are you saying that sinead is  "" anti-white ? "" "" """
" but its not about  "" white identity "" "" to you . its about how you can keep the oppression and hate wheel turning . your use of "" "" white identity "" "" is a ruse . an attempt to legitimize hatred of other cultures.youre hiding behind the semantics of it because you have one goal . justify racism """
" i can see the huffington post headline now   "" hate group distributes hate leaflets to oppressed homeless people "" "" """
" i get it . you feel bad for being white . you assume  "" white privilege "" "" and "" "" the patriarchy "" "" must be torn down . you want to help . not me . """
" if is  "" hate-preacher "" "" why is banned from uk ? lol """
" last post on this :  "" message to the white man in america "" "" : """
" of course .  "" those people "" "" . "" "" they "" "" . """
" omfg !  "" extinction of the white race "" "" ? rofflmmfao ! paranoid much ? """
" proclaiming our southern identity : steven ingram   "" proclaiming our southern identity "" "" """
" purge cont'd - vanguard america - a uk group random accounts assoc w / white supremacist frog  "" groyper "" "" """
" rt  "" hutterites are a white anabaptist group that originated in austria in the 16th century . ... they are examples of the peaceful  idyllic life that all-white communities can create for themselves . "" "" - walter osterman """
" rt ' django unchained ' producer on ' selma ' oscar snubs : did voters have  "" racial fatigue "" "" ? ( guest column ) via """
" rt : conservatism is the path to destruction of the white race . you can't  "" conserve "" "" what is destroying you  we must begi ... """
" rt : robert leftists have to run you down to appear  "" real "" "" even """
" rt : the #us  "" just-us "" "" system's failures and corruption . #hatecrime #news #video #youtube """
" rt : via :  "" don't burn this house . it belongs to a muslim . "" "" #tcot """
" rt by the end of the campaign  trump is going to be saying to the beltway gop :  "" quit being low energy cucks . sad ! "" "" """
" rt new video :  "" how to lose a nation "" "" by jared taylor : """
" rt pm modi said in boribali  mumbai rally  "" do you know the real meaning of ' ncp ' . ncp means "" "" naturally corrupt party "" "" """
" rt small  "" peaceful "" "" groups takes whole city hostage . same story repeats again & again across towns of india """
" rt the  "" anti-racist "" "" saint died  mandela's life work : mass murders  white genocide | watch video : """
" rt the ignorant claims of race being a social-construct are made by those that also whine incessantly about the myth of  "" white privilege "" "" """
" rt the realist report : transsexual tv show  "" good for the jews "" "" """
" rt they've shifted from labeling everyone  "" white supremacists "" "" to "" "" white nationalists "" "" which is odd . """
" rt trump supporters chant  "" build the wall "" "" as antifa runs away in philly """
" rt weak newscasters are asking  "" is there a racial component to knockout attacks ? "" "" of course there is and weakness will only make it worse ! """
" rt who wrote movie  "" haider "" "" disowns india  resides in delhi  married 2 hindulady """
" rt william clark speaking with students at about race and identity after the school encouraged white people to do something .  "" """
" rt witness :  "" the evidence for fetal pain is strong . "" "" #stopthesham . #respectinfantlives """
" so whites can't have collective interest and if they do it's  "" hate "" "" ? """
" this is code for  "" white ethno-nationalism . "" "" """
" what should he have done with charlottesville ? cheered on the  "" jews will not replace us "" "" crowd that wou """
" with this kind of meeting ...  "" trump invent sweden terror attack """
# dollar general #sprint #mcdolnald #sprint #cbs #minorityyouth #blacklivesmatter #mymm
#antifa going to #pikeville  #ky on 4/29  raised $ 5k + on #gofundme page  bus people from #louisville via
#fergusonoctober protesters target quiktrip in south st . louis - hurl rocks at police via
#isurvivedhighschoolby discovering american renaissance & finding pride  instead of guilt  in my race .
#javanka & #globalistgary replaced & as the white house strategic advisors .
#justiceforjack is justice for all in a society of free exchange of ideas  thoughts  & beliefs despite our differ
#liberia  people  not libya . liberia was
#opkkk phone and email members #kkk ( # 3 ) #
#scotus declined to take case related to certain #plannedparenthood grant docs kept secret by #obama administration
#trucons aren't capable of anything but grandstanding . even after healthcare  we will see this on other issues
#wpwwrussian tv report on france's white genocide by mass immigration via ( )
' holocaust ' debate / comments / news ' paris attacks are payback for the holocaust ' says rabbi : talk about un ...
' holocaust ' debate / comments / news discussing ' verboten ' topics with my aunt in germany : hello  i have an ...
' holocaust ' debate / comments / news guideline reminder / links to other sites : i have been given a reminder ...
' holocaust ' debate / comments / news the mysterious polish witness to massive transfers of jews ? : does anyon ...
' holocaust ' debate / comments / news third annual commemoration honoring revisionists : the jan 27 ...
( ( ( i'm a white male ) ) )
- over 250 swedish white nationalists march in stockholm ( video )
- self-government requires self-government . #vvs16
. & join on #dcwatchlive at 5 pm for today's special #memorialday broadcast
. ... in 1830 in the deep south alone there were 1500 black slave owners ...
. if being fair to white males is racist to you  then you have a problem  not i .
. if you say so kid ... if thats true  you may as well prepare for assimilation . * yawn *
. joins on #dcwatchlive next to discuss court order removing ok decalogue display :
. plans their next banner .
1 ( ( ( white ) ) )
14 reasons i am a white nationalist | stand or die
3 things you didnt know about the trinity lutheran playground case at the supreme court via
8/ 8 worse  youre working to destroy reputations w clandestinely acquired information peddled by people hiding behind a cloak of anonymity .
: #jcot #tcot #jihad spencer : obama throws israel to the dogs via
: @ ash_antifa tweeted this . witness testimony antifa strategically attacked #unitetheright ht
: @ me white men
: a tribute to the white race . take a stand for your people  #wakeup ! #loveyourrace #aryan #arizona #blog
: awesome : london imam unable to refute robert spencer's claims about koran
: canada : jews most targeted for hate crimes  hate crimes against muslims decrease |
: chilling speech and suppressing religious freedom : time to amend the johnson amendment
: christian yingling and george curbelo respond to charlottesville via
: christmas massacre : angela merkel roasted by european nationalists via
: ethnic norwegians disappearing as non-white colonization intensifies
: how anybody with the slightest little shred of dignity / morality could identify much less align themselves with d
: i'll sleep better knowing majin boo is protecting the white race . he was the hardest boss on some snes game
: joining #dcwatchlive tonight are & . we're live at 5 pm et :
: kid worked a full month to earn those shoes . white privilege ? i think not .
: no excuse not to - neoliberal media / establishment is about to throw th
: on march 16/17 author weissberg advocated white separatism instead of white nationalism at meetu ...
: on the #muslimbrotherhood's persecution of christians
: preview of the type of thugs you might encounter @ #unitetheright . the c'ville police should be able t
: proud white women speak out against white genocide ( video ) anyone care to express an opinion ? #edl
: texas is for trump ! even ex cruz supporters r voting trump 2a and supreme court justices.biggest el
: thank you for showing us the problem with modern day conservatism when it comes to leadership .
: to see people who have been around for a few months criticizing someone who has dedicated decades of his life
: trump is literally pitting the people against the fake news media . #fnn
: via : moderate muslim canadian tv guest expert : islamic state supported by west & america
a convergence of hate-filled inferiors . / / and at u . c . berkeley ? mr . damigo laughed . weve got some plans . .
a couple days from now you won't be able to find a single person who was ever in the #cruzcrew
a nation on the right path  i pray america follows irelands lead & returns to spiritual moral values
a nationalist knows that ( neo liberalism + identity politics + pc sjw + cultural marxism ) shares the same jq
aam aadmi is not copyright of aap party . don't underestimate the power of aam aadmi . if it can push u up . it can bring u down faster #aap
aap is now aam aadmi problem .
abe lincoln  white nationalist . swell guy .
about nationalism ? it's white nationalism .
adf to supreme court : govt isnt neutral if it treats the religious preschoolers worse than other preschoolers
admit that your movement killed a white woman you speak hate
adolf hitler speaks about the hitler jugend
adolph hitler was a genius but unrecognized by most people world wide . he knew how to solve problems plagueing working classes
advanced but still subject to human nature . theres always people who are going to be dis
africa is oppressed by systematic white supremacy just like the us . the syst
agreed  but i think we're reaching a tipping point with the media where they are so mistrusted that a w
all his victims were white  no ?
all of us in india have been inspired by your aspirations for your country and africa : pm
all the pundits laughed when trump entered the race and were certain he would flop in the south
america  then and now | chateau heartiste #withjewswelose
americas poorest white town proves link between race and crime via
an average restaurant meal is more than 4 times larger than it was in the 1950s . powerful infographic from the cdc
and dr bill warner
and me just having a white skin makes me racist  specially here in south africa
and the sup . ct . said their vile behavior was protected speech
and we're getting goldman-sachs economics w / neoconservative foreign policy wrapped up in a pretty populist bow
annual game between the university of alabama  and auburn .
another point : if you're white  they'll come for your ancestors too  eventually .
another successful ls conference in the record books .
anti-white is not code for anti-jew
antifa terrorists . they could be already locked up already ! doubt that will happen but lets hope .
any proof that they're white supremacists ?
apparently laws emanate from the white house now  says
applauds getting rid of contraception for sexually active adults and more unplanned pregnancies / abortions . not pro-life . sad .
arabs are middle eastern . whites are european . i dont mind arabs though .
are there moral barriers to white survival ?   and henry wolff weigh in : #tcot #tpot
are you inviting me on a helicopter ? you white supremacists are so generous !
as white american man  i couldnt b more sickend by racist commentary u seem unable to control urself from making !
asking europeans with a positive and collective identity if they are ' neo-nazis ' is anti-white hate speech .
audio : house leadership strong arms its own . pays the price for voting principles . he joins
ayayay . traditions are answers that have been discovered to enduring questions . sir roger scruton read a book  then try again .
barronelle stutzman heads to the washington supreme court via
because the murder victim was white .
because u think only whites are citizens and poc are special interest groups .
being gay is a crime in all muslim countries ; 9 punish with death penalty
belarus  or white russia supported czar & opposed jew bolshies who seemed to prosper
between fire and ice : the story of the wilhelm gustloff #swrm #fire #ice via
bjp will be finished if they make the mistake of selling oilfields and other natural resources to ambanis and cronies .
black and hispanic babies comprised 78 % of nyc abortions ( ) . naacp yawns  sues .
black democrats don't waste your time sending me nasty tweets . i support president trump fully and i'm not ashamed to say it proudly !
black white supremacist :)
both mass murders are the result of the endless dog whistling by the media and elites aimed at triggering lone wolves to kill conservatives
botwana  saint lucia & barbados seem okay - - though the latter two might be more ruled by mulatto people .
breitbart isn't white nationalism . try     ; yuge difference .
british ww2 veteran recalls how general rommel saved his life | read more : via
bruh you are a racist lmao
but he just posted about it and as a result at least a few thousand people saw it .
but it doesn't happen naturally . if you don't vet people by a certain standard then anyone  despite differences no matter how important  can enter the country . different treatment based on race can't happen if there isn't a multi-racial populace . / 1
but now everyone thinks the alt-right supports nazis  and with videos of r . spencer saying
but yet you support a racist president . smh
but you gotta be white thou right ?
can i call you ahabe wallace
capitalism and imperialism have killed exponentially more people than communism .
carpetbaggers were resented because the south had a low view of labor and commerce  which they moved to the south to engage in
certanly nthose earlyyrs there wre jewish converts bt always jewsn is
collective iq score still well below that of a :
conservatives failed white people ! we could add a new chapter : another fifty years of failure !
conservativism is lost  not nationalism brother
considering whites are the majority of america wouldnt it make sense they commit most of the crime ? duh lol / 1
criticized many min of nda  most been ignorant  some a sport ( like smriti ji ) only rathore hs been so unsportsmanlike
cus ur white
david brooks : the great war for national identity via #lugenpresse #culturalmarxism
david duke : the racial murder and rape of white women in america va
dear you talk of secularism in rest of india but scared to include it in j & k constitution.why ?
definitely true that american rootlessness from decades of civic nationalism is causing some soul searching ( white  black  hispanic identities etc ) . however its pretty obvious that people who look white often profit off of identifying as non-white . remember rachel dolezal ?
delhi hc orders delhi govt to furnish complete account of details of public money used in these ads within 2 days .
detestable lies . one of the best religious liberty advocates for all people in the world today . simply wrong .
digvijay singh enjoyed affair w amrita rai while his wife suffered cancer . amrita's husband is aap leader .
disagree on that point . alt-right is driven by tectonic changes in demographics  not day-to-day events imo
dramatic rise of white flight in britain : masses of white families escape from multiracial areas | via
educate yourselves abt : melbourne islamic conference hides faces of female speakers via
either you judge people individually  or you hold racial biases . not both .
el paso officials against id for undocumented immigrants  fearing ' sanctuary city ' status via
elin krantz : just another dead white liberal female via
end white genocide !
events held on private property and continued social media outreach are the way to go .
every two years we try to vote away the cultural degeneracy that is synonymous with and caused by liberal democracy
exactly . so maybe we should think about removing statues of confederate generals from public parks ...
excuse me . dc is not the south
fair's advertisements have been rejected because of racist content . fair leaders have ties to white supremacists groups .
fake news . stop getting your numbers from occupy democrats
few of those people reproduce anyway
find out how your gift can protect #religiousfreedom at #alliancedefends
florida league rallies in macclenny : florida league defending the heritage
former cm of odisha and senior congress leader giridhar gamang quits party
former delhi chief minister sheila dixit's son-in-law syed imran mohammed arrested for alleged domestic violence .
free wi-fi in indian railways ! !
full story in text : ndtv & chidambaram accused of money laundering scam of rs . 5500 cr .
gary sutton and congressman lou barletta  a good friend  at fair hold their feet to the fire event in dc
german ministers agree tougher rules for migrants posing security risk
germany : 1.2 % of non-white invaders working via
get it thru your heads #islam is not a race ! & muslims are not in a struggle for civil rights !
glenn beck will soon announce he is leading his third great awakening followers to guyana to build becktown .
good talk  robert . i feel that it might be important for me to share my story about meeting a sufi
gop are racist garbage
gregory hood says what should really frighten lefties is not the nationalist shift at the rnc  but what comes next
gujarat has donated more than 8 lacs unit of blood last year & more importantly 1.3 % of total population of state came forward 2 donate blood
hac on the bill white case and economics .
happy white history month
has critical information up for #noamnesty ~ spotlighting 26 pro - #amnesty pols in dc to reach ! #tcot #ctot
hate crime charges filed in torture  kidnapping of white man in chicago [ video ] via
have you ever seen a race with no competitors ? black / white are invalid colours of stigma for power as1st & last place .
have you heard komo radio : dave ray on sanctuary cities by fairfederation on #soundcloud ? #np
have you looked into what hunter has to say and what he's organizing to do ?
he's a very bitter man
he's clearly got the people on his side . look at the phony polls . the fox poll has him way up with indies and republicans
he's pretty oppressed  that's for sure . #poorrichard
heidi cruz supports trade promotion authority : ted has always been a free trader
hey dean talk out against the extremist mosques & maybe u wont have 2 suffer robert's expose of jihad on tv
hey guys
historically  india has always done better with a republican government in usa  democrats tend to treat india like an ngo .
hitler also wasnt a pr cuck . i can go on .
hitler didn't care about consequences . he was only interested in results .
honored to meet dr carol swain at . she knows just how much the splc is a racist hate
hope you and congress can take away federal funding to these states that has sanctuary cities and support daca .
hope you made the right decision and stay with your opinions about islam
house appropriations also fully funds #everify #immigration #noamnesty
how #tatasons bailed out jaguar with indian taxpayers money ? #cyrusmistry #financialwarfare #eic2mnc
how about banned guns . endangering public safety . a white man murdered 50 white people in las vegas .
how are your loser / traitor confederate monuments doing . all you did was shine a light so t
how come you hate muslims so much ? i thought white supremacist nazis like you hated jews
how does wanting cruz as trump as president and cruz as vp in august 2015 make him a cuck ?
how the dynasty turned large chunks of lutyens ' delhi into private property
how will this help white nationalism ?
how's the white nationalists treating you ? #bannon got your back  huh ?
huck easily won the kiddie table debate #gopdebate
hunter you're a black piller dude . how about tossing in some white ones here and there eh ?
i am very disappointed that the next president is making these negative comments . plea
i can see you really hate people who like the wall .
i disagree with people who think it's racist to want kids & grandkids to look like you
i don't care much for you germaphobia . but whatever man is not time for inner conflicts among european ethnicities in this continent .
i don't hate anyone . i hate some regressive political systems that oppress people .
i don't hate anyone . you conflate criticism of islam with hate .
i don't know about social media pranksters but i do know later marxism-leninism ended up being quite trad :
i don't think your numbers are correct on the majority white sa thing . i know southern brazil has a large white pop .
i grew up in new castle  va . 100 % white then ... prolly still is today . lots of white pride .
i guess to liberals you're just a white man with re-vitiligo
i have plenty of good friends in sweden  they all thought trumps comments were ridiculous .
i just wish and i pray that folks will start to understand we need to learn from mistakes from our history and stop trying to change or erase our history . i do not believe we are as racist a society as some try to make us out to be
i laugh at right-wing idiots . other right-wing people are right up my ally .
i love it ! black female writer : too many white people at american colleges via
i mean they're white !
i really enjoy your tweets . you are a real inspiration . i wish more people would follow your lead .
i recall hearing him say somewhere that the white race ought to be destroyed
i reckon they don't want to be associated with your toxic brand anymore . don't blame them . alt-right is going nowhere .
i saw maybe 6 real antifa the whole time i was there . rest we're just locals &
i think ethnic homelands could be built apart from society . identity groups should work together .
i was ministering  and for the navy to detach me for cause ; i feel betrayed . chaplain modder #freetobelieve
i was told all throughout the election that italians aren't white . now we are white . apparently there's no consistency with these racists
i'm done with the word optics
i'm grounded in southern / texan culture  as passed on by my parents and teachers . and reinforced by the everyday interactions of the people in my community .
i'm standing for faith  family  & freedom . join me at and by following and .
i'm standing for faith  family and freedom . join me    and at
i'm white  and would b proud to call u brother elder .
identitarian is pretty much made up . there are already white supremacists  you don't need to make a new name . #ownit
idf proudly defends the home of the jewish people . today  we continue to nurture the flame of remembrance #neveragain
if birth control was #notmybossbusiness  then we wouldn't force ' em to pay for it . after all  he who pays piper calls tune
if cruz announces fiorina as vp  can you imagine those two faces campaigning all over out country ? that / face 2016
if they do not have the courage to condem antifa for the throwing of urine and fecees at peaceful prote
if you can write  research  design graphics  or produce quality videos  please e-mail us today & get involved . #wpww
im so glad people are realizing this is not a black / white / brown issue but a struggle
im tired of suppressing myself to get along with white people via
in new york city  a black baby has a better chance of being aborted than being born - family research council
india's economy is growing rapidly . the coming together of our development needs & swiss strengths can be beneficial
indian railways has become highly unsafe . this is underscored by today's mishap and woes daily commuters face every day !
instead of being a king and hero he is a huckster for the gope agenda . it's sad to watch . sure he gives
ironically or unfortunately the biggest opposition to this is southern white nationalists .
irrelevant . heckler's veto prevents pre-emptive actions like that of the university .
is a national treasure . do you know careless whisper ? #altright
is a open white nationalists website sir ...
is edward snowden helping israeli tech industry ?
is he in trouble ? was he at the charlottesville riot ? it's sad what is happening in america
is it bad that i follow a kkk user and whole page about them ?
is ivanka trump trying to push steve bannon out ? the forward
isis is a terror organisation  not comparable to white nationalism.ps started following
it be all da ' white man's fault !
it is also not possible without indian help but when will we understand n will search them they r between us so alert
it was white europeans that birthed america  why hand it over to cult
it you were a white supremacist  you would promote the globalist empire . why are these people so stupid ?
it's about causing the same reaction out of antifa and government officials w / normie symbols . when we '
it's compelling and true in many ways . cohesive maybe less so . we know what we hate and justify
it's walter ! ! i give a similar speech all the time about the proud such and such and the white racist .
its great to be white . i like it .
its not  but white supremacist think it is
janam - is it possible in india ? !
janet the democrats cheat and still lose
jared taylor deserves to be heard and read by many more people . keep the taylor media coming  please .
jew awareness  race realism  positive sense of racial identity
jews are white like me
jihad : inspired  networked & directed
just for you guys . this picture is amazing  it's a shame you can't accept this kind of love towards others
just those representing the interests of people of european heritage
karma : bringing in low skill workers for the corporate class to enslave and profit off of them here . keeping wages stagnant for the working class.such a noble liberal .
kejriwal also lobbies for gulf countries oil companies . his stand on reliance and kg basin gas pricing is a result of that lobbying .
least he could do considering he attempted 2 cut uscg by $ 1b . there wouldn't be enough left 2 buy the cake or candles if he succeeded .
legal group pursues #plannedparenthood for fraud in several states .
let's really face it  people everywhere have been totally screwed over in one way or another
let's review our voices here : you're a #nazi and the people i've cited are employed by the most prestigious institutions in our country . .
let's start with the difference between a white supremacist and a white extremist can you tell ?
lgenpresse smears the alt-right via
libs try to unhinge trump's cabinet : . but sessions and black alabama pastors are fighting back .
little white girls are resources ?
live : watch as is welcomed to the white house . #popeindc
lol : theek tha ? ? ? but who double crossed whom ... :) #aapwedsaajtak bjp gujarat #akasksmodi #delhi #hdl
lol watching inside the kkk and they keep talking about jesus  i wonder if they know jesus was a poor middle eastern but ya know
looking for : white comic inkers  letterers  and pencilers #trs
make that  some black folks  friend ... thanks
matt drudge is right about social media being an internet ghetto .
may god bless these agents and keep them safe because this border issue is grave .
me too ! i'm white so i'm already declared to be racist  you know with all that white privilege and what not .
me too . i couldn't make it  but i will for sure next year if we make this an annual gathering .
media matters is calling for a progressive ministry of truth to censor social media in order to control the narrative
modi must slap defamation case against rahul . modi must go beyond theatrics in taunting his tormentor  rahul gandhi .
mom of naturally-conceived quintuplets rejects abortion ; beautiful story of fierce love :
more assaults on religious freedom : wa pharmacists
more than all promises for 5 years
most fake jews and orth jews are white arnt they some say real jews are blk / arab  so what gives ?
mt : can't believe ruffalo hasn't thought about the fact that he had a sibling who died from abortion
must watch : holocaust mind control
my northwest novels were not meant to tell young white people what to do . they are intended to show young white people who they should be .
my take on the #whitenessproject now up - #tcot #tgdn #nrx #whiteprivilege
n trillys that are all attached to white power econ
nah ... you're just another bigoted white man .
national menorah at white house reveals who runs #america :
never he's clever isn't he what is france going to do about it ?
new ma poll : trump 43 % rubio 12 % cruz 10 % kasich 9 % bush 8 % carson 6 %
nice super bowl racist song ! we are losing america slowly !
no . it's relevant . the question is are you against all ethnic advocacy groups or just anti white ? it's about specifying what your standards are .
no i'm not  trans is all about gender identity
no one should be forced to do anything that violates their religious beliefs .
no that's called white on white crime  nothing more  stop playing the political card
no your direct it towards whit people because you take offence to white people feeling good about themselves
nobody in america is 100 % white .
nordfront holds huge nationalist rally in sweden #swrm #sweden #rally via
north indian workers hurt in suspected firing by ulfa
not a fan of antifa .
not all white peoples are racist
not just gentile but white gentile !
not only holy places but school  office & othr places r also temple for us & modi shown us how to respect temple of democracy  working place
not only is he not a white supremacist  he's a true friend of the jews - probably the best in the wh .
ocala mayor kent guinn : not a member  anonymous trying to discredit . police investigating .
ocala mayor linked to the ! #sayfie
odd ... just three days to do this 180 ? sad .
of course he would . jewish people are thought of as generally white non-immigrants .
oh but why have nobody called me a racist even tho i'm white ? maybe becau
oh gee  yes  that totally proves your point  it is not like whites have
oh my god  not wanting white children to be victimized by black childrens is racist !
oh yes it did . plus the left's overreach after the event caused them to look foolish during barcelona and berkeley .
ok buddy go kill a mexican  murder + hate crime will get you life . we are not in a civil war .
one wounded in shooting at washington university via
only group in america without special rights are children of ancestors buried here and who built the country .
open borders for the white house !
optic optics optics - this is boring already
orban : hungary is a refuge for white europeans #swrm via
patriotic germans demand merkel be hung for attempting to genocide the german people | more :
patriotic hungarians launch new white nationalist movement #swrm #white via
patriotic hungarians launch new white nationalist movement via
paul ryan builds #border fence around his mansion  doesnt fund border fence via #securetheborder
people he hates  old christian white people . ironically the backbone of america .
people in real trouble don't have the luxury of being antisoc
pewdiepie : it's because i'm white = = = > via
pittsburgh : jewish agency and islamic center working together to bring more syrians to the city via
pl . investigate if navin zindal asked ak49 not to take bail as congress now thinks ak49 danger  & wants to finish ak49 ?
pl carry out a cbi enquiry into large scale loot of skill development department by your ex-minister rajeev pratap rudy
planned parenthood : no patience for patients : #openarmspregnancycenter our church has counseling for all .
planned parenthood gets criminal referral : ... as it should !
pm narendra modi's address at 69th session of unga . the entire speech . international yoga day
poll : white southern men most armed via
pope francis gets his talking points from george soros ! $ $ $ for the vatican towing this anti european line !
post-fall of saigon ~ europe took less than a quarter million vietnamese refugees
preparing for race war : the south african bootcamps training white youths via
president obama serves up hypocrisy as main course in his talk at prayer breakfast . #nbpicks
professional protesters hired by george soros are gearing up to disrupt trump rallies .
proponents of demonetization and digital india have oversimplified the complications  it is disaster
racist and supremacist when it's convenient for you.fuck you otherwise  can't help
raleigh pregnancy center wins legal battle and will move next to abortion facility .
re : re : white dream chaser
real #unemployment at 15 % - this corrupt system has no desire to improve the lives of the #workingclass -
really you do ? i call upon the media establishment to denounce the violence of the alt left  will you ?
red white and who ben ?
remember the us senate defended lynchings up until 2004 or so & jim crow was backed by officials . #hoodsoff #opkkk
report : jews getting holocausted by deluge of mean words and symbols daily stormer
retweeted elder lansing ( ): forget this white nationalist mess . i'm america first . so is our great ...
rt :: time after time  endangers girls looking for help by failing to report sexual #nmpol
see  this is what i don't understand about you people . i'm white and you're white but i
seeking americas lost greatness and finding trump most appealing
seemed like more than 15.for spencer the value is in attracting curious people who will watch it online.his audio came out fine .
senate has the votes & should improve ( reconciliation ) bill to repeal obamacare  keep #defundpp - david christensen
senior bjp leaders lk advani  sushma swaraj arrive at bjp headquarter in new delhi #modivictorylap #modiat7rcr
slavs are white
snowflaking i presume #hewillnotdivideus
snuffing out south african identity just getting around to reading this .
so anyone black person who speaks out against white supremacy is like a white supremacist ? your logic makes no sense to me ...
so are you black or white ?
so i deserved to get cursed for suspecting someone was a white supremacist who retweeted white supremacists ... says the christian
so much hate at #vvs17
so pence said would support trump as nominee . and praised trump in his cruz endorsement . nailed it .
so these people must not be white then ?
so what happened today ? what did the court say ?
so white people can join your club now ( is identitarian a word ? )  but black people or arabs later after you've tested the concept ?
some would say that racial progress has been very good . so your opinion of no
sounds like you're the hateful one ! white people need to learn to love themselves .
south africa : the white refugees no one wants | read more : via white lives matter
spin the truth however you want  no one cares . while you tokenize people of color we stand side by side
stand strong ! don't give in ! #defundpp richards writes ryan for help :
stop teaching hate to children bc they deserve hope of a peaceful & prosper life  there is no future in hate
strange bedfellows support religious freedom now if the others were consistent ...
such atrocious advice ? govt will be discredited . pl . throw out such saboteurs .
sure . nothing approaching 9-11 in scale .
sure instead of bringing people together based on shared culture lets try and unite chinese
taliban : pink balloons ' western tools against islam '
tf you talking about im white ..
thank you for being fair minded and understanding freedom !
thank you for existing ! jared taylor is a very brave man !
thank you for staying the course with #firedforfaith you were a wonderful blessing defending my case
thanks for asking others to contact sec . hagel re protecting servicemembers ' religious freedom .
thanks for sharing our article  chad ! sorry the wrong link popped up  here is the correct one :
thanks for the great post chelsea ! be sure to follow for #prolife updates from .
that attitude is all over stormfront . stormfront is filled with the defeatists . they don't really care about the white race .
that still isn't a good enough reason for normal  working class whites not to advocate for themselves . whites will be a minority soon .
that was surely a mistake . and by the way i am no racist . or do you think i am racist because i hate #isis ?
the #gop must give white people reasons to vote !
the aclu tweets a picture of a beautiful baby holding an american flag who happened to be white and they get called white supremacists ! sad
the alt right died weeks ago ! this is late to the table
the alt-right is more popular now  partly because of trump  and that popularity is what's causing the b
the american people  of all color and creed conquered the land . american  not black  white  or brown . please stop being such a racist .
the current state of the left's anti-white agendadoes not negate the ability of a person
the europeans that came to north america did not fit in with the european culture and status .
the flight from white
the left is trying to vilify the right  they have nothing so they keep screaming racist / white supremacist at everyone who disagrees ..
the major problem with hate and ignorance in america is due to hate groups like fair
the mexican pres inviting trump is public acknowledgment he will win ... trump accepting b / c he holds all the cards - -
the new right are shills who dont care for the white race . can be ignored . the alt right h
the only people it is ok to hate because of skin color are whites in once majority white countries.most whites raised to be color blind & their kids will be targets of anti-white hatred.no one cares .
the people have been pretty clear what they want done but they completely ignore us because its not election time .
the political right in the us is wide . theres a big difference between conservatism and identity politics for white boys  white nationalsm
the realist report - 9/11 debate
the realist report : dear white people #whitegenocide
the realist report interviews eric hunt transcript via
the secessionists in south would have been better off voting to permanently defund the federal government rather than to secede .
the secret jewish history of game of thrones via
the statues of old white guys are killing people  run for your lives !
the trump campaign just selected one of the country's most prominent white nationalists as a ... via
the war on #freedom isn't waged by islam  but by the us government against its people . #liberty
the white imperium is a big imperium .
the white mans 200 year run is over . i hope you took advantage of your privilege while yo
the white race isn't dead yet and neither is scotland or england .
the white resister ( ) posted a photo on twitter
there are millions more where we came from  we are fed up ! capiche ' ? we have been silent but we see that wall is getting flack - iii % weary .
there are obviously huge problems with violent and nonviolent ..
there i sat w / my white fellows & white teacher . radio anounces : robert mugabe won the elections by far .
there is a large plantation in spartanburg south carolina called wag stop plantationfounded by a cousin who was a sc politician
there is no white power movement
there is not such thing like jewish whites . jew is jew . thats their race . jewish race
there was a new york forum going on alongside the atlanta forum
there was no common sense in dc.untill trump ...
there were some excellent comments on that thread .
these are the same people who yell about how they're not racist . this thread is so sad
these people are insane . a belief this out of touch with reality could only ever end by backfiring
these people attacking these statues are not what i call protesters  they are vandals and law breakers .
they're shook . more and more people are figuring out their long con .
third world rising : harlem train derails  dozens injured  transportation disrupted across nyc via
this hate group called for killing white cops . then dallas sniper micah xavier johnson started shooting .
this is the real racism . but i cant defend my heritage without being #censored by #regressiveleft #uco #projectseige
this is what federal law enforcement is focused on rather than isis or illegal alien rapists in schools
this is white people versus white people . always has been .
this isnt white supremacy
this why another bush will not be elected to the white house ! #noamnesty
this will not be correct . it happened many more years ago . exact time is yet to be calculated .
thousands of golden dawn supporters on the streets of athens over arrest of partys leader va
time for round 2 ! mark ur calendar for oct 10 to #protestpp . info / locations at : #defundpp
to understand pathological altruism is to understand why white liberals are the way they are :
trump  white nationalists  themedia
trump filled the white house with racist white nationalists like bannon  mil
trump names jewish billionaire to head economic advisory team via
trump rt'd a white nationalist.meanwhile  obama has black nationalists over for white house dinners .
trump's populist achilles heel = = = > via #trump
turkish state racism denies kurdish historical sites  burries underwater
u . c . berkeley hates free speech .
u mean actually force people to be accountable in this day and age ? not let them blame
um . he sure did . the men who wrote constitution had many slave owners . so washington and everyone after him lead a country with slaves
um ... then why is he having to appeal to the supreme court ? oh ! because he was convicted .
umm . i'm sure plenty of islamic people can say they had it worse .
update more bombs detected at brussels airport ( ) -
vbschools has developed one of the strongest social media policies in nation k - 12 ed wants this battle
via : cool clock  khamenei . want to bring it to the white house ? #tcot
via : europol warns : islamic state runs training camps in the middle of europe #tcot
via : south africa : muslim twins arrested for isis plot to bomb us embassy and jewish sites #tcot
wait   he were a german ? ? or polish ? ?
wait . i thought white people invented harvard . weird .
wait i sec ... im white ...
wake up white race !
washington update | tootin ' his own horn :
watch the clip  then sign the petition here : #4houston5
we all know what white means without having to qualify .
we have to be willing to take action that puts american security - - not sensitivity - - first . #terrorism
we love you jared ! thank you for everything you do and that you've done for our people !
we need your support to promote the white shark party ! help us getting to more people
we will rise again  like a fiery phoenix . the tides are turning culturally and we'll make sure the pendulum continues to swing our way .
we've always had a black minority . if we had the ability to govern ourselves without interference  we could deal with any problem . as for the union  it is a recipe foe eternal gridlock and domination of the south
well  you seem to hate the same people .
what are your goals hunter ?
what did he even try to accomplish today that was even constitutional  much less for us ?
what generation does antifa belong to ?
what is white heritage ? can someone explain to me ? !
what she describes is almost identical to what i saw . #charlottesville #unitetheright
when everyone is celebrating diwali with family  ji is spending time with soldiers #iamwithmodi
when will you have tanstaafl on or scott roberts ?
where da white woman at ? ...
white  urban leftists hate country music  too .
white conservative women !
white cosmopolitan liberals : the new white supremacy via
white evangelical christians looove jews  wouldn't dream of attacking
white genocide accelerates : university removes all portaits of white male professors | more :
white genocide in america 1960-2060 | read more : via
white germans must stop this ... white americans better get the message too ! ! !
white gods of inca  aztec  mayan myth
white house announces sanctions against n . korea -
white house doubles down on holocaust day statement that omitted jews : ' we're inclusive '
white lives matter as much as any race
white people  do something . start here .
white people founded & build south africa and have been there since 1600s .
white people of european decent are the new native north americans .
white people whose ancestors invented america  as of right now  have no civil rights protections . none .
white people's .
white privilege is a total myth .
white race fulfills all old testament prophecies on the future of the isrealites .
white skin
white south africans back to europe : below is a link to a petition for the right of white south africans to re ...
white women lost the election for moore
whites are adding other groups to increase their numbers . like jews .
who is dying out ? european americans ?
why putting sexual orientation and gender identity in the same category as race or religion is a problem :
without the white race  traditional christianity as we know it will vanish .
wow  that didn't take long ! already pulling out the ' ole liberal playbook eh ? don't answer  dodge  evade  make ambiguous little quips etc .
wow ! snow is racist and snowhite and the seven white dwarfs too !
wow . you're still defending the nazis and white supremacists ? pathetic .
written by a ( ( ( fellow white ) ) )
y'all white people hiring
y'know the people that don't want to leave the bar alone at closing time and go home to a filthy apartment ? this is them in daylight .
yeah but who is defining intolerance . antifa are intolerant .
yeah the kkk gotta be stopped
yes ... white nationalist
yes antifa and the klan are both racist democrat hate groups
yesterday : chopped wood and did yard work #liftwaffe
yet another beautiful white woman !
yet only hear about antifa that donate bike locks to people's heads . danged one-sided media ...
you are free to give up technology and freedom aforded by white men
you are the racist trying to reintroduce racial segregation .
you didn't . i was an adult . but people talked about how unfortunate you were . i knew you .
you guys hiring ?
you know your logic is not correct . they are proclaimed offenders . pl . don't compare our politicians with criminals
you mean ' asian ' robert ... why are you sooo racist ?
you supported a ' cogent commentator ' of white nationalism . and splc adherent . another interpretation of #maga ?
you think i dont have a job ? wooooooow and im the racist one
you're pretending to not understand global white supremacy
you're really trying to make american white again  huh ?
your children at risk in schools - rt : lawmaker asks muslims visiting her office to take a ...
youtubers have been getting demonetized for months . charlottesville is the excuse for all of this  not the catalyst .
"  "" a carbon copy of a white racist "" "" ? ? ? hahaha wow """
"  "" a milleniun of european history  of joy & sacrifice of heroism & nobility  impel is to our task . "" "" fpj europe awake ! """
"  "" racist towards white people "" "" lol * boards up windows * "" "" why are you so mean to hurricanes ? hateful . "" "" """
"  "" the media is not in business of reporting rumors . "" "" 4 words : "" "" hands up  don't shoot "" "" """
"  "" these people "" "" ? you mean the scores of "" "" white people "" "" who are in favor """
"  "" what do we do if ? "" "" - antifa attacks with x or with y-police do x  or don't do y-infiltrators among """
"  "" white supremacy "" "" is not the same as "" "" anti white "" "" . #ohlookmorenutjobs """
" ' holocaust ' debate / comments / news  "" four of sigmund freud's sisters died in concentration camps "" "" : the stat ... """
" . hitler was also left handed . also  lh is not short for  "" left handed  "" "" but literally hitler . few know this . #liftwaffe """
" :  "" out of 112 healthcare plans available to congress members & staff  103 fund abortion on demand . "" "" #prolifecon """
" : the man who loved his people  and who was loved dearly by them in return . don't believe the lies against him . #hitler  "" """
" because like him those  "" values "" "" are fake . """
" bias much ? this article .. perfect example of how the  "" media "" "" spins it's web . you eat it right up . """
" by  "" so few owned land  "" "" you meant to say more americans owned more land than any other european population in the world """
" how about some stories of undocumented folks killed by  "" americans . "" "" or better yet  white on white crimes ? #lovetrumpshate """
" i agree with  "" the establishment "" "" which was right in everything it said about ted cruz """
" in yer opinion they are  "" racist neo-nazis "" "" . yer just saying that cuz they're white . """
" it's funny how sws are fine w there being white suprmacy if they can put in on the  "" liberal white suprmscists "" "" """
" kid rock is the  "" white "" "" version of this . """
" let's talk about the word  "" jacked "" "" . swole ? sure he's big . jacked ? nope . check that bfp . """
" lol-regnerus / sullins / mchugh pushing  "" studies "" "" that are re-imaginings of legitimate research to suit their anti - #lgbt agenda """
" national review : white working class towns  "" deserve to die "" "" via """
" people hate it because it disproves the whole  "" white supremacist "" "" talking point . """
" rt  "" : #occupy #wallstreet and #socialjustice for the white #workingclass :: #capitalism #greed "" "" """
" rt  "" : spanish court : "" "" neo-nazi "" "" not sorry over "" "" blood bath speech "" "" | more : "" "" ; """
" rt  "" conservatives "" "" blast trump - - on the attack on . #nrorevolt """
" rt  "" i don't judge people . i serve everyone who walks in . i just don't make cakes for every event that's asked of me . "" "" #scotus #justiceforjack """
" rt  "" this flat is for blacks only "" "" : shocking racist campaign to force white mum out of home | more : """
" rt ' holocaust ' debate / comments / news where can the nrnberg archives be consulted ? : in his video  "" des aveux ... """
" rt : . of  "" if there's one thing worth fighting for it's the right to life "" "" #theyfeelpain """
" rt : stabbings : knife-wielding terrorist yelled   "" allahu akbar "" "" as he stabbed 2 women to death in marseille . """
" rt got a new piece on pc culture and the 2016 primary :  "" the people who call me racist are fascists  but the people i call racist are racists . "" "" """
" rt it's racist to say  "" he's black "" "" to explain a negative trait  but anti-racist to say "" "" he's white "" "" to explain a negative trait . """
" rt lyin ' ted knows had nothing to do w / ne . lyin ' ted has not done well w / people . just ask his classmates-or  "" friends "" "" in dc . """
" rt new video : discusses  "" white privilege  "" "" the new frontier of white guilt : #privilege #tcot """
" rt pres . trump :  "" the press has become so dishonest that if we don't talk about it we are doing a tremendous disservice to the american people . "" "" """
" rt rt :  "" : zuckerberg's dream : the anti-white racist social network via "" "" """
" rt rt : idaho pastors face 180 days in jail for declining same-sex  "" wedding . "" "" this is wrong . """
" rt straight question for and   "" why you giving visa to gulam ali  if it can disrupt peace on indian soil ? "" "" """
" rt the best part is that white right wingers think using the words ' white male  "" is racist ! """
" rt trump's attack on merkel gets cheers and whistles .  "" i used to think merkel was a good leader until she ruined germany . "" "" #gopdebate """
" splc's mark potok : donald trump is a  "" racist  "" "" has "" "" white nationalist positions "" "" via """
" swedish white national socialists jailed for  "" obvious instigation "" "" via """
" the internet is bigger than ever  it has displaced tv as the new  "" mainstream media "" "" and it just keeps growing . you aren't giving up your website anytime soon now are you ? your site gets far more attention than your "" "" irl activisms . "" "" """
" the mainstream media's contempt for white people is so vehement  that one cannot even state that  "" it's okay to be white . "" "" """
" there are no  "" anti-white "" "" demos . """
" they're all  "" that better be a white man ! "" "" ... """
" to paraphrase someone else   "" i hate myself for plenty of reasons but being white has nothing to do with it "" "" """
" what does their belief in traditional marriage have to do with anything ? also   "" anti-gay "" "" is a strong word choice . ( i disagree with the """
" wow ... this  "" queen of the south "" "" thing has taken on a new twist ? league material ? too buff ? """
" you really put a whole lot of work into this  "" identity europa "" "" thing guys . hands down best honeytrap i've ever seen . solid 10/10 . """
" zionist berlin hotels boycott  "" holocaust denier "" "" david irving ! read more : via """
#bjp4maha because we need a government to work hand in hand with ji
#buhari don't kill peaceful biafrans
#france : why we are afraid
#germany : refugees molest two 11 year old girls in swimming pool #nievenheim . #flchtling
#hb2 #roosterplumbing / #hen #noconfusion ' in between ' #outhouselaw
#irish slave trade . #slavery is always wrong . #history
#multiculturalism means destruction of the white race . #whitegenocide #fightback #wakeup
#myjihad in france : three muslims planned imminent bomb attack in france  contacted white house : and the white ...
#wars massive #debt corrupt world bankers massive #unemployment world riots massive #foreclosures - time to ditch #capitalism yet ? ! ? #p2
' holocaust ' debate / comments / news where does it go from here ? : i wonder how history will eventually judge ...
- frightening that some of what he says is very true . white americans do want their kids in white schools .
- skill  + iq . would you agree that people tend to unify / self-segregate by iq before race / ethnicity ? debatable .
. be aware that #altright hunter wallace is using your photo on his bio banner .
... yet calling people racist or white supremacist seems to be the go to when left disagrees
1 . south island of new zealand . 2 . iceland . 3 . parts of canada .
1000s of invaders vanish  govt . admits - the new observer #germangovernment #spokesman ...
11 . #veersavarkar the first indian leader who successfully started - a ganeshotsava open to all hindus including ex-untouchables ( 1930 ) .
1st pm to greet rss swayamsevaks . it needs courage . and modi has that courage .
2 / besides benching more often and with higher 1rm percentages  make sure you aren't neglecting low hanging fruit .
2/7 / 17 : white house press briefing
: 9 year old white boy commits suicide after being tormented for months by #racist arabs #uk #muslims
: actually if you stand up to antifa you get legislation condemning you in the halls of gop congress and signed by
: arizona takes battle to uphold five-month abortion ban to supreme court
: dhs backpedals on gay spouse green cards
: did you know ... 3200 children are aborted everyday ... that's more than the number of deaths involved on 9/11 ! #prolife
: encouraging #prolife development : growing human liver tissue from ips cells #stand4life
: extremist means any white person . this is where we are now .
: hope and change ... for the worse . : a sentiment echoed by many #workingclass americans . #economy ...
: i and anyone i know could not possibly care less about whether or not white people marry white
: icymi : robert robb : obama to blame for administrative amnesty controversy #immigration #afire
: if whites are as dominant as many insist  spencer would be less demonized and coates less celebr
: listen there are 175000 white christians in america .. our us constitut
: rt : < < this is the video that will remove obama . please  retweet this all day ! ! #ows
: russia don't want war  but desire develope links with american people . but no more confidence on obama a
: thank you how do you someone's racist ? they @ the worst group of people ever
: the islamophobia simply has to stop #tcot #gop #p2 ...
: they turned themselves into the party of identity politics for every identity except the majority  who won't
: unlike obama  i believe president carter loved this country and the usc . he was also a d . c . outsid
: white south african author and academic daan wybenga tortured to death by black racist murders
: white students turned away from anti-racism seminar for being white
: you are an inspiration  and probably the world's leading authority on islam - i'm including muslims .
[ audio ] ceo and general counsel of alliance defending freedom  alan sears on the hugh hewitt
a black james bond ? ? ? would it be okay to have a white mr t ? ? ? some ideas are just plain stupid .
a lot of people are dependent on people . should we kill them all ?
a lot of people had to take shirts off because they were maced .
a tribute to rudolf hess  the martyr for peace t-shirt from the white resister :
add me on xbox my gamertag is : flwz h y p e z
adl calls a white supremacist group . activists call israel a white supremacist state and adl calls that anti semitic .
after decades of law schools teaching critical race theory  #trucons are aghast that judges might have an anti-white bias
all congregations that cave to relativism and marxism die . the youth craves uncompromising truth ; if churches don't provide  they dwindle
all right . i'm willing to be more people care about the mexican border than ukraine's border .
alot of the people critising him right now look like millenial hipsters in skinny jean
also  we don't live under white supremacy ..
also how could white people understand the concept of white privilege .. when that buzz word wasn't around back then ..
also you are just virtue signaling your white nationalist cult . not every white guy on the right is an ethno-nationalist . 99 % aren't .
alt lite has less calories but they taste the same .
alt right wants potty training
amazing comments from the pope - considering vatican city is 100 % surrounded by massive walls .
and lots of . all those souls  black & white  bleed red.wake up america ! to mar 714  elderlansing  dry_backto all !
and that's a white guy practicing islam !
another boston based blowhard attacking virginians  southerners  & white people like barstool sports did to
another day  more love from the religion of peace and love .
another victim of white racism ? #ray nagin
anti-immigration conference attacked by a band of islamists via #wpww
anti-racist world white web project says googles search results are not diverse enough via
antifa  msm  political establishment all on the same side .
antifa and protesters will be few and normies there will be much more accepting
antifa is new kkk .. dressing in all black instead of white .. hiding identity / mask  beating people of one race  allowing no opposing speech
arab allies have no wish to support washington's ' game ' in #syria #isil
are the us and south korea planning to assassinate kim jong-un ?
are you one of those white nationalists ?
are you watching iron sky right now ? i just made this picture as well  see attached . #anp #nazi #kkk #synonym
as promised ... the most important educational speech of the 21st century is ready for your review
ashkenazi jews are white genetically
ask how many subjects were tested on the most comprehensive iq test used in collecting iq for africans and who conducted the test
at goes after fellow gop : why do so many dems pretend to run as conservatives ? why do so many republicans do the same ?
at his direction the german press played up kaufman's call for genocide of germans
attention white brothers and sisters . help with the survival of our race by following
auburn police are not going to tolerate antifa violence . it will be amusing to see if they enjoy jail time .
australian white nationalist golden dawn supporters clash with antifas in brisbane | read more : via
awe ... a little butthurt are we ?
bannon out / gorka out / miller out / no room in usa 4 trump white supremist white house
be sure that it will happen
beautiful picture from yesterday's national prayer service . so many incredible speakers and singers . so moving !
because i'm not a racist
because in this country the liberal party says unequivocally no such thing as black racist only white ie : no hate crime
befitting epithet ( national cancer ) for the gop in present context !
being white doesn't make a person a white supremacist
believe it or not  iq matters . it's no suprise the highest iq nations are the most prosperous and vice versa .
bihar toppers scam : former bseb chairman lalkeshwar prasad singh and wife usha sinha sent to 14 days judicial custody .
bill clinton was taken to court as gov of arkansas for gerrymandering and trying to get a white democrat to replace a black democrat . racist
both his parents listed on his birth certificate are white so unless you know something i don't know he's white
boycott & bankrupt corrupt religious-fanatic racist #alec magnates funding hate-crime = #blacklivesmatter
breaks for american kids first .
british nuclear submarine suffered external damage in gibraltar collision
british soldier against nazis in ww2 lost his country anyway via
british white people #london #uk #londonbridgeattack
brits should feel guilty about ' their ' people !
but monarchy stabbed white people in the back tooemperors have stabbed white people in the backno e
can you name any such antifa groups ? because all i've heard in the media are about violent alt right nazis .
can't these people go ahead and get raptured ?
canada : white people are taking up space says anti-white group | full story :
cause there is a difference . im white  my kids are white . there isnt anything wrong wi
change wave or modi wave is a myth . it is hindu wave sweeping across india  it will liberate hindus from past baggage .
check out this must read article from : we need to protect our religious liberty now  before it's too late .
check victory margins and vote splits . if aap wasnt in fray  punjab could have been : sad 2  bjp 2 and congress 9
chief minister of punjab shri parkash singh badal with smt . .
china wins friends in west africa by building dam during ebola outbreak
chinese teens trafficked into us through central america via #immigration #noamnesty
cia even isi is funding aap says senior ips officer ram ohri
climate study : butterflies on the brink via #toomanypeople
cnn : the prayerful phrase allahu akbar is a celebration of life
come to think of it  are there alt-right posters for sale somewhere ? i'd hang some on my walls . or paintings even .
communist core rt belief system of national socialism in a nutshell : #news #liberty
confederate memorials as instruments of racial terror = = = >
contact the hotep people . they have spines . they are not the standard cry-baby sjw type of poc .
convention cruz came out 4 himself . trump came out 4 our country .
corporate whores singing lullabies to the already asleep
could you imagine not having those things in charlottesville ? the left was armed to the teeth .
crane didi will be next cm of india's capital ..
cuckservatives : glenn beck plans restoring unity rally in birmingham  al
dalit leaders in bjp simply condemn the incidents but never make an effort to de - link bjp . they do nothing to fire fight cong propaganda
death to the vase ! iran military parade turns awkward as special forces repeatedly fail to break flowerpot
der spiegel : the mystery of the forest swastikas | read more : via
dethroning white men is all these guys care about
did you listen to the #istandsunday broadcast yesterday ? if so  let us know what you thought !
difference : cruz is a politician .
different ethnitices that live in america would not be obsessed w / & defined by identity politics if white people never claimed superiority .
dirty air and water ? oh your climate change fake news science is a hoax . get a grip !
do conservatives control . the climate ? : american politically correct politics sure makes for strange bedfell ...
do i have to go dig up the lts video where he says sn is for white people ?
donate to the #altright ! w / more
download free my new song titled w . k . t . g click here
dr . sandy christiansen  w / on w / discussing impact of #hcr on prc movement : #prolife
dramatic rise of white flight in britain : masses of white families escape from multiracial areas va
drugs distributed openly was also the reason that punjab was the only state which gave mps to aap ?
drunk russian sailor crashes 7000- ton ship into scotland - - at full speed
duke  perot  buchanan  trump ... only people worth voting for in recent memory .
euro jews are white
even better town . george wallace was from clio
even kids ? i know its normal to justify the police regardless . these people were unarmed and you still mentioned weapons
everybody said that totally obvious  my question is how much longer are whites going to play in democratic circles ?
except the article fails to mention that he was shot by another leftist radical . also tries to portray antifa in a + light
explainer : who are white nationalists and what do they want ? a white ethno state !
fair has been designated a hate group with ties to white supremicists . thank you for your service  .
fair immigration is a branded hate group . members are known racists and white supremacists check them out . disgusting group .
fam can i join your clan on xbox ?
fantastic speech in brisbane and thank you for answering a question i've had about islam being considered a religion .
feds will be there luring whites into bomb plots where the public is never in any danger bu
folks at planned parenthood will have to stuff democrat politician pockets with their own money and not our tax dollars !
for a year straight  antifa violently terrorized peaceful trump supporters . and not a word about it fr
founder of promotes white nationalism and anti black rhetoric - listen to him
freaking white supremacists ... smfh .
fred reed on america in 2034 : . hispanics could go either way . #tcot #altright
freedom of speech without persecution . the university simply stated his views do not al
from the editor : call it hate - - is wrong on ; by - #gay #lgbt #glbt
from what i've seen it seems like most proud boys are mixed race or fully non white but with white personalities .
gadhar ( traitor ) yasin could only roam around free in democratic india . right place for him is behind bar .
gay activists are not interested in compromise . complete submission is all they will accept . fortunately for them  republicans always submit
genetics w / out the context of environment are meaningless . watch :
german official : syria crisis won't change berlin's position on russia #jpost #breakingnews
glenn beck's 8/ 28 event will fulfill prophecy and bring about the third great awakening | right wing watch
good interview on renegade - thought you addressed questions from host and callers well . excited for march 5 event !
good news indeed !
good step by step this was provisional meaning temporary not permanent
gottfried is the alt right  but the grown up version  sans the cartoons and gamer-brats .
great go make your white homeland there .
great movement but the slogan  our destiny is ours ? redundant and meaningless .
happy easter  brigitte ! loving those shoes ! ! !
havent antifa already declared themselvs the initiators of force ? we cant have a voluntary free market society with social defectors can we ?
he means how do we stop the white people from coming back
he was only arrested at all by the racist white cops because he was mexican . had it been a white man  he would not even be given a ticket . white privilege
he white
he's not white ...
hearing impaired by pro-abortion dems :
hello  we congratulate and thank shri for allowing only a marginal increase in domestic gas price . now pl . freeze it
here's their po box anp p . o . box 85942 westland  mi 48185
hey & u 2 #washingtonpost liars just smeared #trump claiming his comments were aimed @ mexican americans ( false )
hindus have such handsome and beautiful gods ! !
hitler decided what white nationalism was . anyone who supports white nationalism is the enemy of humankind and deserves to be eliminated from the face of the earth !
how add fuel to fire . anti-national media :/ /
how do you feel about white people who are appalled by your cult ?
how do you get rid of an ( ( ( enemy ) ) ) that now controls tax  intelligence  justice education  media and potus ?
how many 20 week abortions are performed in the us a year ? and what are the reasons they're performed ?
human rights group hiding information about white genocide in south
hunter  can we tear down their statue of lenin in seattle ?
hunter i was there . we triggered tf out of them .
i agree : zafar's writings are dishonest & worthless  but his lies arent racist - jihad is not a race
i am not big on mexican food . i like gourmet enchiladas  though
i blame priebus and he who went to jared
i could care less where anti-semite coulter rants . i won't ever read her stuff
i don't believe margaret sanger is a southern  white male .
i don't know if democracy is to blame in and of itself . if people were put to a vote confederate monume
i dont see this white privileged you speak of my husband is white and the only white privileged that man gets is breaking his back to pay for medical insurance that cost up to 750 a month but whatever
i figured for sure it'd have supported rubio .
i found a lie recently  stop pretending robert look through his recent tweets and find
i get invited to this each year . it would be awesome to attend . i stand with fellow freedom loving patriots & #maga
i got limited room because it's twitter . so  white  right-winging christians get no hate ? #tcot
i highly recommend this as nf's new dress code . this is good optics ! __
i love my white friends and white family . but because of this they consider me a racist . #wednesdaywisdom
i love you guys and i love your work
i mean revolutionary
i need some new white friends bruh ... can you help me
i never heard it said thst he fidntbdo anything ( poor excuse for attempted racial slsnd asid
i side with the working people of the world - no matter their race . i stand against the haute bourgeoisie plutocrats who rule the world  be they white  jewish  asian  brown  black  whatever .
i so love this tweet ! racist !
i stand 4 marriage  too . but also pray for non-trads to come to christ .
i suppose wilson thinks no other gop candidate wouldn't have been attacked . why do people listen to this idiot ?
i sure don't want america to look like this .
i want those who care about white to stand up and
i was not that alarmed by the tone-down . think it's strategic  to mollify people & grease the skids so to speak .
i'd tell you but i don't know what he said because people keep trying to kill him .
i'm 4 cultural preservation . i def don't want some homogenized caricature of liberal cosmopolitanism . my ideal model is what ussr aspired 2 in its early days  b4 the stalinist degeneration in the 1930s : a unified confederation that respects distinct cultures & self-determination
i'm gonna join the clan what's good
i'm happy we all took the red pill ! #maga #americafirst #alllivesmatter
i'm not alt-right  but i don't see why anyone would see fit to disavow you . especially when their job isn't on the line .
i'm not talking abt the antifa right now . i'm talking about you all .
i'm standing for faith  family and freedom . join me   and at #vvs12
i'm white
id more likely to believe her claim if it happened say during his first election run
identity evropa founder interviewed by !
identity evropa just hit 10k followers ! thank you for all of your support ! remember that together  we have the power to decide our own fate .
if being pro-white is a problem to you  does that make you anti-white ?
if european culture doesn't exist  than neither does italian culture : sardinia is a vastly different from sicily  afterall .
if hispanics are white why don't they consider themselves white ?
if only he had massive oil pipeline to hide said chemicals
if you think the articles are bad  wait till you get to the comments .
im not advocating brawling  not at all  the only brawling was in berkeley a
imagine nato member with russian hardware
immigration is a fixable issue - when these white supremes turn it into a hate session - we never fix anything !
in boston  concerned jews gather in prayer and protest against bigotry via
in original vedic view there is no outcaste or untouchable . all humanity forms a single organic being . my study .
in socialist legal theory  it does . these people want to c
in south amurka all homes of anyone with money are protected by 240 volt lines . touch it you are fried . the base of the walls are littered with dead animals .
indeed it's absolute tyranny ! locking someone up for their views is contrary to western political traditions . #withjewswelose
india muslim leader warns of unrest over cow protection push
india sets new steel quality standards ; auto-grade imports exempt for 6 months
indian govt suspends the passport of noted shia cleric kalbe jawwad - - - allegedly for leading shia youths to iraq
indiana doesn't need planned parenthood #defundpp #womendontneedpp #alternativestopp
individually  people are capable of being whatever they want  there's plenty of ci
iran requests india to allow open accounts in multiple banks
iraq : isis beheads four more journalists in #banmim muslims #liarrajdeep congress islam
is anti-trump paper the has spread lies and is part of the problem . they are anti-white male and anti-police .
is probably one of those people who thinks hitler was a good leader .
is that a picture of u . trump proved this week that he supports racist . people that hate u . are u mentally competent . wow ! ! !
is there a difference between #nascar and the ? #gop
isis publicly stones 2 teenage girls to death for adultery .
isn't it amazing those white men are protecting mostly black and latino babies
isn't that cultural appropriation ?
israeli-american council head : israelis will power the future of us jewry via
it goes without saying that maharashtra 2014 will be the most expensive state election in india
it is a challenge for to solve mr . munde's death mystery . accident theory not correct .
it shouldn't be racist to love being white .
it was on his live radio broadcast this morning ranted on about alt right  milo  mike - we are dangerous ! lol
it won't matter that the evangelicals who voted for carson and rubio in the south and midwest are ready to unify behind cruz
it's bigger than this one guy . please show me the white terrorist manual instructing whites to kill
it's different . immigrant groups want to move in and live alongside white americans . you want to evict or kill non-white americans .
it's new york . where all the sjws in the south need to go back to .
it's not trump's fault that the #trucons failed to deliver on abortion and gay marriage and religious liberty
it's ok to be white !
ivanka needs to be assigned to the home shopping network only - for the good of humanity .
ive suggested 1.there is a massive problem . 2.it needs dealing with . 3.cutting 20000 police jobs
jack p . organized the rally at the white house to keep speeaker and people away from the white nationalist rally at the lincoln memorial .
jeh walking it back on freedom : from homeland security ...
jewish groups slam event with alt-right leader at texas university
jews are white
jews killed 100000  000 white christians
jews must give up whiteness to fight racism : rabbi : jews are not white  only jewish
john friend's blog : the realist report - dr . jim fetzer
john quincy adams opposed the mexican war too . if he had it his way  we wouldn't have california or the southwest
jontron and pewdiepie have gone full fash !
just contacted my state legislators to urge them to pass it in ga . unfortunately  govern
just few more days .. new govt at the center will turn on the heat on these jihadis .. nia will be more efficient .
keep funding those sanctuary cities bob ! thanks .
know article 370 and think why india needs to abrogate this . rt if you agree with #370debate
knuckle draggers ! are black people coming ? that's a racist headline .
kudos to the hutton hotel for cancelling the racist hate-mongers and #tcot #gop #norway #breivik
lee was a hero and an american renaissance man . ( note : not necessarily a reference to  though they certainly appreciate lee . )
let me correct you . racism requires the ability to systematically oppress and control .
liar  we saw the videos  we've seen the photos from everyday people who were there . stfu
like i said ... your timeline is filled with white supremacists who promote race realism ... so miss me with your foolish talk
like i've said before  they want some antifa shot dead
like white suprmacy is your crutch hence why you cling to it for dear life .
lnformed . read quran  mixed up authors  also history of family of & also muhammad . no peace  truth ls hypocritical
lol  trump won't even make it 4 years
lol . tell me . did you graduate high school ? or did the jews take that from you too ?
lol what's a white supremacist ?
look at your feedback fair . not what you expected ? yep people hate you
maga multiculturalism is an identity . an anti-white identity .
makes me realize that the altright has to infiltrate corporate marketing departments . push ad spending in the right direction .
many in the villages are white - flighters !
mars orbiter engine test-fired successfully . spacecraft will enter mars orbit on wednesday--a proud day for india & isro
marxist have been hiding behind the demorat party for years . election fraud . 30 + m illegals  no id needed
maybe and are right about jewish influence in the media . what do you think ?
maybe you could help me with that mr . wallace sir .
mccain wants to shoot down russian planes attacking islamists
meet j & k cm . usually present in 1 page 3 parties 2 twitter 3 with female journos #article370
members of national socialist movement rid kentucky of a heroin dealer via
men from the levant can be white . the black man with extensions exists b / c black ppl are
merkel's german government is guilty of hate crimes against german people pl sue them fast
miss white  you are so beautiful
more : the russian bombers will reportedly launch from the ' engels ' airbase and will be armed with cruise missiles .
music : a potentially powerful tool . #workingclass #freedom #race #14words #hitler
my doctor is white .
my friend the white race will never end  nor will colors because the colour of skin is geo-solar  not geo political ...
my review of is now up - - #lesmis #tcot #tlot #altright
n0t wis3.bat #anonymous #fsociety
naacp advocates for black interests . want to join a group that fights for white european identity and our interests ? join
narendra modi meets governor  resigns as gujarat chief minister live updates -
nationalism will stand on the rotten corpse of conservativism .
nda is firmly committed to creating a skilled india  breaking away from the scam india under upa's misrule
new video from of on the #waronwhites - #tcot #tgdn #nrx
nithari killings : co-accused moninder singh pandher released from jail
no - the real racism and hate in america come from the vicious media celebrating the ethnic cleansing of white america .
no one cares how white the country was  or how white it is now .
no surprise there mt : parenthood angrily slams pro-life vp pick paul ryan
no white nationalist wants to harm any bi-racial or any other race  we just want to be allowed to have pride in our race  history  culture
nope . jews aren't white .
not all white people ? ? ?
not if you're pro-white .
not sure where you're from  but it's not illegal to be racist in america ! #dimwit
not sure your point . changes nothing . your views define you .
not to mention cultural normalized pedophilia
nothing is more triggering than hearing milo say ' alt-right '
nothing was happening  people were walking peacefully - until the car hit people . see 2:30 in
now #lovejihad in bihar  girl kidnapped and forced to change her religion -
now show the whole clip where she was about to start throwing punches on people in that pile . she was there to do battle  she got it .
npr counter-signals economic nationalism via
obama wants kkk to be forced to name its members and supporters | read more :
official nyc oi ! fest poster . get tix here
oh  shaddap ! the vegas terroeist was a white american male . maybe those people should be outlawed !
oh ok . you're definitely a white supremacist then  just
ok  you go first ... then i get all the left overs while they chase you out the front door !
one of these is antifa  one is the alt-right . no prizes for guessing which i
one state takes stand on god in school and christian values.kentucky goes to the matt for religious liberty :
optics are the most important . everyone knows this .
or  for that matter  mainstream media . that's why rubio had to go negative . he got no earned media otherwise .
palestinians exists like texans or egyptians exist . human rights  including residency  don't depend on race or religion .
pardon the ignorance but who are your people ?
people are dead bc people like you refused to heed clear warnings of danger .
people are surprisingly tough  there are plenty of soft urban intellectual typ
people fail to realize this cancer will kill everything in its path . that's what it's int
people go where jobs & banks are ... it ain't a race thing ... white flight left cities then instituted redlining &
people got called racist not for disagreeing with policies  but for things like this :
people who launch rocket shells into israeli civilian areas .
people will start thinking all of this trump phenomena is a comedy of errors  when it has been staged k
pewdiepie : my response
pics dont kill ppl  terrorists kill people . u r evil by attempting to silence freespeech
pikeville conference coming soon : registration now available daily stormer
pl . ban cow slaughter at once . it does not require budget or money .
pl . have a closer look at mumbai and never trust foolish fadanavis ; he is an idiot will surely destroy
pl . spread this great news : germany wants as
poland uncovers thousands more staff at auschwitz death camp : more members ! more possibility of trials ! poland u ...
preserving your heritage runs counter to the jewish agenda and you are therefore subject to their criticisms . it's a snare .
president trump cuts 90 % of taxpayer-funded advertising for #obamacare . #aca
pro-citizen #immigration recs / policy from
probably 4chan  the other 3 can still be dismissed on site through mass media  4chan seems like a threat to them
probably antifa considering their propensity for violence .
questionnaire was created by racist hate group shows what political power blatant hate groups have in gov't
race realism stares people in the face . they refuse to acknowledge it .
racist old white guys are in for a huge surprise in november .
racist todaynazi tomorrowrussian next day repeat
radix journal  alternativehypothesis make the case for white nationalism  but not these mad jew conspiracies
really ? ? could of fooled me there . all you talk about is suspected white supremacist and everyone that disagrees with u is a white supremacist yes ur a racist .
really makes you wonder why our ( ( media ) ) constantly attacks both ...
really your so low class that you need to call them names . i am sick of people like you what about there rights to
reason we have no immigration reform - political fallout for both sides politicians are responsible for current situation they must fix it
rebel media is at the forefront of white nationalism ? no ! see
recruits pastors in the fight to #defundpp
religious freedom must be for everyone . explains why #religiousliberty
rep . jan schakowsky ( d-il ) and rep . ral grijalva ( d-az ) press conference july 4 recess and no action on immigration .
report : man arrested after threatening to attack school  kill all white people
results of mass non-white immigration and forced assimilation - 2050 via did ' we ' get a vote on this ?
retweeted tina is catholic ( ): mt : defund planned parenthood is ...
right  rounding up 200 people and passing failed executive orders don't count . nothing else has been done .
rockefeller was white anglo saxon protestant . derek vinyard was sad one of america's best nazis
rt - alan sears : step by step  small cases regain legal ground for the gospel - #religiousliberty #alliancedefends
russia remembers victims of great patriotic war on day of memory and grief
same i tell my kids and my dad told me  each day we all have two choices  be a victim or be a survivor . one thing is for sure  if think you're a victim and tell others you are  you will be . same as for kids  you tell black kids they're victims and racism holds them back  it will
save the land .. join the clan lol nah #alllivesmatter
saying it again the gov at every level has failed us ppl patriots u know what to do prepare & be ready
science explicitly explains that race is about much more than just skin color . #altright
sergey lavrov remarks at meeting of the council of the heads of russian federation regions
seriously  how do people not yet realize that kessler is both a total government plant  a
she's a racist who doesn't like white people ?
she's dressed like the rest of the group . look at a picture of a group of antifa and point out the girls .
shock and horror after saudi sponsor chops off indian maid's hand
should keep its tidy black market away from our white house via
sites that expose jihad in the usa  . remember tsarnevs ? obama punts .
so how far would they go to keep there surroundings white ?
so we should kill anyone whos not white ?
so what ? every country at war tends to do the same : the british did similar for example .
so you want the government to protect your gun rights but not the rights of an innocent unborn child ! can you say hypocrite ?
solution all white go home to the white homeland of europe no more immigration
someone else so elite that doesnt associate with blue collar workers or relate to middle class .
soooo.who would go to the white house ?
sounds pretty racist to me .
splc lists fair as a hate group . dont tolerate intolerance ! fair is a white supremacist organization .
stand with houston pastors check out this article from :
starting to be slightly less of a beginner
straight racist ! because they're all white  it must be a lie  right ! truly pathetic  but fits in
straight talk for white men
sure  marxists if there trying to promote degeneracy and communists when they are stabbing people .
sure they have . crime statistics tell otherwise . but hey whitey is always to blame right ?
switzerland : nationalist party wins highest vote percentage ever recorded | read more :
tale about the jews and the white genocide ( video )
tax reform is why republicans have not turned on trump | analysis by cnn's gregory krieg
ted cruz on says trump missed the briefing on the klan / nazis always being bad
tell that to hunter wallace
terry jeffrey : aug 1  every christian will have to buy coverage including contraception  sterilization  abortion
thanks for following . let me know if i or can be of service ! sorry i missed you at #actonu : (
that sounds like something a white person would say
that's a racist  hateful thing to tweet out . you should be ashamed .
that's not how the term was used historically  or how i'm using it now . i'm really not sure why you think you get to define others ' identity
that's racist ! do they think all black people are stupid ?
the aclu is engaging in a dangerous attack on our immigration controls . click the link to help fair stop this :
the anti-white liberals want our destruction above all else  but the more curious is that most liberals are white !
the chessboard changes ... he was doing race realism in a 75 % white country that people perceived as 90 % white .
the deep state will not waste a single bullet on milo or cernovich . they are self-aggrandising deluded fools .
the evolution of white supremacy in carolina ( part ii ) via
the far left antifa is anti-semitic . they hate israel . shouldn't you be glad trump called them out ?
the hate group family research council inexplicably links dan savage to racist frat chant #lgbt
the interference of us soldiers residing in south korea are delaying the reunification progress .
the klan is about as threatening today as the geezer freemasons . probably less so .
the latest next age computing daily ! thanks to #ai #machinelearning
the maine connection : maine while the league of the south is focused on southern demographic displacement in m ...
the most worrying part of all this is who saw fit to make them ' british '
the news will not pick up because he is not white .
the only hate going on is the one against the white race .
the only way democracy could have survived is if people had a better sense of how to raise children .
the purge on jared taylor is a disgrace .
the raw math of white vs . non-white abortions is the less convincing argument for abortion
the silver lining is that she leaves south carolina
the white genocide continues : white race now minority in london too ! read more : via
the white walkers have taken over the gop . it used to just be accused of being a racist party .
the whole thing is a political screw job . typical democrat and i'm afraid  establishment republican tactic .
the worst part about ' doxing ' antifa is that they can't really suffer social or employment consequences
the year is 2017 . we all hate white nationalists or nazis
their site is meant to scare people ... illegals murdering white citizens . nothing about radicalized white american men murdering people .
then which god ? slippery slope . founders left religious matters to the states ..
then why do you use the word white ? youre the racist . pure idiocy . get a vocabulary .
there are a few white people in america who would like to vote . you have a problem with that ?
there is something mysterious about the way he [ #hitler ] lived and died and which will outlive him and continue to flourish . - jfk
there's a new dating site for white people to meet each other in peace via
there's is and should be zero place in america for sicko's like you all ( kkk ) .
these are poor underprivileged people that you think are like that because of race  just like you think you're so great because you're white
these leftist jurists are going to ruin the idea of a nation of real laws and replace it with liberal ideological emotive reasoning .
they are all undercover racist
they will carry on cuck knight's ( tin man ) short legacy ?
this is so ignorant and wrong it's ridiculous . there are more acts of terrorism by white christian men .
this is the photo of msms in kashmir  supporting isis as they have same ideology of sunnis
this is what becoming a groyper does to your life people it is an irreconcilable decision
this will stop when antifa types start serving jail and prison time for this stuff .
thomas jefferson was the first president of the university of virginia  the author of the declaration o
thousands of russian nationalists have rallied in russias capital | read more :
to load up the understanding of #religiousfreedom to include everything ultimately reduces it to nothing . michael paulsen
today  you are simply reaping what your ancestors sowed . karma is so beautiful . 3 /
today at noon et online  dr . rosaria butterfield shares her journey from a lesbian professor to faith in christ .
today is friday #ff for the white #workingclass
tragicmy personal viewtragicby historic traditional islamic law this is as it must be . this is correctplease not in usa
trump administration's ' strong stand ' against iran draws praise from leading us jewish group |
trump is a failed businessman . you or i could have done bette
trump is a racist . that has never changed . he always was . him at the wh empowered these fringe groups to show their face in the open
trump picking sessions as ag just keeps getting worse . sessions gave us rosenstein and m
trump takes the road less gaveled : judges make all the difference ! !
trump was cheered in sc  of all places  when he criticized the war . this is our media .
u wasnt there when muhammad prophet came ! so probably he dont exist ! right ! probably he is not messanger of god ?
ukip candidate suspended after saying south africa is being ethnically cleansed of europeans via
ultraliberal  hipster williamsburg brooklyn is 51 % white . guess the % of white students in a typical public elementary school there .
understood . my wife's hispanic family has been in what is now the usa about as long as my own . what's your point ?
unite in faith  be pro-active in faith  support us in faith  follow veterans of faith ask all your followers to faithfully follow us
us trying to help find nigerian girls : white house -
usa : dozens protest refugees following city's proposal to accept 100 per year #makeamericagreatagain
used some advice from the recent #liftwaffe podcast and got a massive chest pump . great show guys .
via : white house announces summit on countering violent extremism #tcot
video : black on white murders grow more sadistic in south africa via
we appreciate all retweets ! please continue to spread the truth and support #nationalsocialism ! #workingclass #norefugees #buildthewall
we are taking off the kkk
we aren't white supremacists . we're white nationalists . we just think that white
we do not need this stupid wall anymore than we need the idiot squatting in our white house .
we must understand this : islam is predominantly a political ideology packaged as a religion .
we need to preserve the union and free the mexican slaves toiling in the fields of the west .
we trad cath #paleoconservatives are a natural ally and the fore runner to the #altright
we will provide the launching pad from india . first we hold conference and then people rally behind national socialism .
we will still have comments
we've documented nearly 200 attacks on trump supporters in an interactive google map .
weev has a point on the gun thing . he is totally right about the tianemen square part . would have been great optics .
welcome to professional wrestling championship over haffta ulta pradesh
well that would make sense as you share his alt right anti semitic  racist views  from looking at your tl
well the new white house priorities are legislation asks .
what a load of trash . women know most violence comes from white men . pathetic to excuse racist hate .
what about the indigenous white british  the infidels ?
what do i have to do to join it's been one of my life goals to join you guys
what don't you get white people ? :
what happens when white liberals can no longer blame white racism for keeping blacks down ? : #blacklivesmatter
what immigrants ? aren't they 99 % white ?
what we stand for : political platform . #freedom #detroit #california #news #america
when bjp leader navjot singh sidhu ji came to rohini to campaign & enthralled crowds with his wisecracks . #thokotali
when governments destroy friendships #religiousfreedom #tcot #ccot
when will you #wakeup and fight back white man ? ! : #snowden's leaks are just tip of iceberg
where are all the white people ?
wheres the freedom webcast tomorrow night re obama mandate sponsored by
which again is pointless  he tries to appeal to media and chattering classes who will always
which are you prejudiced white women or short men . your wacko
whine all you want davey . white id politics is here to stay .
white americans
white british : minority within 50 years #swrm #white #whitegenocide via
white crime
white folks are the answer ? read your history . #stophate
white for islam
white house : illegal immigration critics should wait for daca termination via
white house assails move to defund planned parenthood
white house struggles on #immigration ruling via #stopexecutiveamnesty
white man lynched and robbed by a racist black gang ( video ) via
white nationalism faq | atlantic centurion
white nationalist apply your rhetoric to yourselves  move back to europe . you don't belong in any of the 35 republics of america
white nationalists launch robocalls about white genocide for 2016 campaign #wr
white people are doing the same thing . there are many children
white people are indifferent who mostly sleep walk throu
white people are the race of peace .
white people destroying black communities
white people get ourselves killed at a higher clip than anyone else is taking us out at  stupid . two world wars . africa didn't start those .
white people in red states .
white people is not a culture ! white people are a bunch or other people from other places  same with blacks . mexico is a country
white privilege  like this ? ?
white separatist author weissberg on : : :
white supremacists usually are the least accomplished  least intelligent of their race .
white teacher in a brown school -
whites and blacks commit mass shootings proportionate to their shares of the pop . asians are only overrepresented group
who are the white supremacists you speak of ?
whole neighborhoods lie in ruins after more than a year of fighting in homs  syria :
why do people make fun of rachel dolezal ? if we grant her premise that race is just a social construct  she is black
why do you hate gay people ? i mean you are supposed to represent the people . do you feel you don't have to rep gays on religious grounds ?
why doesn't & hold a live debate about #islam with
why is generation identity the measure of all things ? they aren't the ones in europe turning out tens of thousands of people at their events
why middle-aged  poorly educated white people in america are dying off faster than ever
why would a mexican president welcome the loss of migrating citizens ?
with pd in back  watching  doubtful . people still not getting it.someone has to die  for it to be called murderous .
would be nice if we had a media company to make films and tv were interested in that promotes our values .
wow so racist
yeah  but how many people just give up and leave without saying anything ? how many more turned off from right-wing politics because of them ?
yeah but they spelled it evropa  which is wrong .
yeah the alt-right is stupid and this guy is a genius . welcome to clown world .
yep . but i didint think the alt right was a psy-op . what a sh
yes  the site is safe but we are working on that warning . thanks for the heads-up .
you are not the party of lincoln . far from it . continued support of a racist makes you a racist . even with evidence your blinders are on .
you are welcome . #defundppcall #prolife
you cannot be surprised that whites will fight against their dispossession and replacement . there is nothing morally wrong with this  either
you fergot anti-straight white male meaning not for heterosexuial males who happen to be white
you guys are literally mad that white men and women like to bang brown people lol this is rich
you have disgraced the honor of my grandfather who was a wwii vet . you are ignorant . an
you have to ask yourself just who is the racist now ?
you mean black people  right ? it's ok  you can speak freely .
you mean other than white . because if you white you get no justice maybe before but not any more .
you need to research islam see
you will find once you re-integrate back in white society  white supremacy is alive & well . extremism is not viable . umsustainable .
you'll never win  cos you never do . even white people hate you .
you're in denial than all nonwhites hate you and like white genocide .
you're misinformed  data skewed & blind hatred of people of color makes u hyperfocus on theblackman with scorn . #ignoresplank
you're not going to be getting ( or winning ) a civil war 2.0 in the near future . the much more productive path for the south is to focus on localism and survival . none of the appalachian or southern movements are capable of winning a shooting war with the federal gov't  not
you're wrong . white italians were the gang kingpins during alcohol p
your a white malewhos whiteand a malestop talking like ur a non-white maleyou white male
your alt-right brand is pushing the deep state / wapo / nyt / ny . that is trump's game . love it or hate it -
zionist government unveils laughable evidence in their case against golden dawn via
"  "" : kkklanneo skin heads outta here """
"  "" : video : nbc news special report on rising white american "" "" hate groups "" "" | more : """
"  "" americanism has been a star spangled cancer for the white race . "" "" - """
"  "" big tent libertarianism "" "" was the immediate death of the movement . rand paul learned all the wrong less """
"  "" but said the alt-right are white supremacists "" "" """
"  "" failure of the racial narrative "" "" pretty amusing considering who the bulk of the failed states / people are . """
"  "" french people is  among all western countries  the only one stepbrother of russia "" "" v putin  10/19 / 16 """
"  "" hardcore white supremacist spreading racist propaganda "" "" """
"  "" hate groups "" "" just means white people advocating for their people . """
"  "" hutterites are a white anabaptist group that originated in austria in the 16th century . ... they are examples of the peaceful  idyllic life that all-white communities can create for themselves . "" "" - walter """
"  "" i call on pres . obama & his party to withdraw their opposition to the pain capable unborn child protection act . "" "" - #theyfeelpain """
"  "" leadership by example "" "" #integrity #compassion #honesty """
"  "" my white skin disgust me "" "" : male-hating jew feminist hates having white skin too | read more : """
"  "" we do not have to engage in linguistic diplomacy with people who want to destroy us . "" "" sound advice for the alt-right . """
"  "" what nationalism in eastern europe can teach the west "" "" by john morgan rt : """
"  "" white flight is racist and sheeeit "" "" """
"  "" white nationalist "" "" isn't a #protectedclass """
"  "" white supremacist "" "" check "" "" kkk "" "" checkrational thought . missing . """
" #dontshop from those who  "" donate "" "" to racist white killers + #alec will go kaputt """
" ' holocaust ' debate / comments / news  "" survivor "" "" witnessed british arrival at auschwitz + child rapist polans ... """
" : the  "" anti-racist "" "" saint died  mandela's life work : mass murders  white genocid """
" added me to the  "" low iq trumpkins "" "" list . are you suggesting iq is a good indicator of intelligence ? """
" alt-light =  "" ideologically vacant people out to promote themselves ! "" "" ... nice ! i couldn't agree more ! """
" and hillary ! ! the epitome of  "" white supremacy "" "" . """
" being  "" despised "" "" doesn't negate your heritage . learn to think  or who is paying you ? """
" curious how you define  "" white . "" "" can one be white if they have 1 non-white parent ? a non-white grandparent ? are jews white ? """
" email update published with o yuki conjugate  "" tropic "" "" lp and cd """
" exactly . there is no  "" white "" "" culture . there are many "" "" white "" "" cultures . so ... no unity ! """
" from the blog - no one  "" punished "" "" by not passing the dream act #afire """
" here's another budding  "" moneyville "" "" murderer in brunswick  ga : """
" i like the material . vague enough to be non-threatening yet bold enough to let people know what we're about . ie has been doing  "" stunts "" "" too . """
" i looooled at the  "" knives on the ends of poles "" "" snark . aren't antifa the ones who got stabbed with their own knives ? """
" i think has a great point ! #maga and we say  "" merry christmas "" "" now too ! america is coming ba """
" i'm sure some are organic . but when the president of npi richard spencer calls russia the  "" sole white power "" "" in the world 1/2 """
" if you are suggesting that  "" white culture "" "" only exists as invented by "" "" white people "" ""  then you are absolutely correct """
" imagine being so crippled by white guilt  you become a  "" journalist "" "" and tell all white people they are 100 % racist . """
" indeed . after #cuckservative   "" conservatism  inc "" "" is the 2nd best name for them as well """
" it reduces the white majority and challenges  "" white privilege "" ""  so it's worth it to them . """
" jewish professor angers jews : found this and thought it could be useful . jewish professor angers jews .  "" ... m ... """
" john friend  "" comes out "" "" friend promotes jim "" "" hitler is jew "" "" condit  friend is jew  not hitler """
" lol  i'll never not laugh at  "" cuck . "" "" such an empty line . """
" montreal : muslim kindergartner permitted to block out music :  "" i find it sad for the child and the teacher  who m ... """
" no . kkk is :  "" white anger fueled by insecurity / envy ; racist ... violent mob mentality ... lynchings ... participants not held accountable . "" "" """
" oops mt : baker in court for refusing gay couple  "" exemplifies need for rfras says . "" "" """
" radio's evidence of white supremacism is a man wearing an  "" end white genocide "" "" t-shirt """
" rt  "" : blood & honour - white aryan resistance t-shirt from the white resister : "" "" ; """
" rt  "" : what our race has lost : a look at the last of the aryans of asia | more : "" "" ; """
" rt  "" a number of reforms i propose tonight will be opposed by some of our nation's most powerful interests . "" "" #rncincle """
" rt  "" every time we kill a child through abortion  we kill our potential . "" "" #whywemarch """
" rt  "" in this race for the white house  i am the law and order candidate . "" "" #rncincle """
" rt  "" in times of crisis - india will stand in full support & solidarity with the belgian people "" "" { #modiinbrussels } """
" rt  "" virtually all the social ills that are commonly blamed on slavery are actually a consequence of freedom . "" "" - hunter wallace """
" rt #popefrancis meeting w / kim davis just 1 highlight in trip focused on #religiousfreedom  "" in all its complex aspects "" "" """
" rt . all jews aren't  "" white "" ""  you idiot . """
" rt 2 / i said on new year's eve :  "" it is blindingly obvious that milo is a scandal waiting to happen . "" "" """
" rt :  "" foreign students enjoy new summer job protections  but what about americans ? "" "" #afire ... """
" rt : down here in the deep south  we say   "" everything north of i - 10 is yankee occupied territory "" "" """
" rt easy - #noamnesty mt  "" : . - we will continue the fight to put citizens first ... """
" rt he said the alt-right and manosphere was a bunch of loothers and david duke and richard spencer were  "" controlled opposition "" "" """
" rt in mein kampf hitler wrote :  "" i don't learn history  i let history teach me . "" "" - he was a genius . """
" rt look  u ppl need to cool it with the  "" pro-white "" "" stuff  ok ? there's is just no place for racial identity in america . """
" rt the mis-named  "" right to work law "" "" hurts america's white #workingclass - #labor #liberty #business """
" rt the plan all along in charlottesville was to allow antifa to incite violence and use that as an excuse to declare an  "" unlawful assembly "" "" """
" rt uncle chang made a chrome-extension to change  "" white "" "" to "" "" black "" "" on various liberal websites to show their racist hypocrisy . #whitetoblack """
" rt { } -  "" service class and finance class :: find it difficult to stand up to power barbarians "" "" : : { } """
" so you are for family  parents  people and against the communist  "" i made myself "" "" dogma  right ? """
" so your source is the known for their white nationalists views and support of race realism  "" pseudo science ? "" "" """
" the same folks that enforce  "" safe gun act "" "" """
" these guys are racists ? are you sure you're not mistaking them with some other group ? what have they done that makes you believe they are  "" racist "" "" . """
" this dude called himself  "" the real deal "" "" #trucons """
" this puts that  "" alt-right brazzers "" "" pic he tweeted in a bight  fabulous  and very colorful new context . """
" uk muslim texted   "" i'm going to go jew bashing  "" "" then beat up a jew """
" victoria _1488 :  "" : dr . david duke : the racial murder and rape of white women in america via "" "" """
" video : nbc news special report on rising white american  "" hate groups "" "" kyttjlt """
" welcome to the  "" white supremacist club ! "" "" here you're every thought and action will be attacked no matter how much you denounce hate ! """
" white house spokesman : us needs to  "" redouble "" "" efforts to explain the true "" "" tenets "" "" of islam """
" why are so you consider syrians  "" white "" "" ? are they "" "" """
#3percent #ccot including ms klan #uniteblue #blacklivesmatter
#alabama passes historic monuments protection bill  decided it has seen enough progress in #nola via
#altrightmeans helping your fellow white man awaken to the realities of the world .
#auspol black panther leader says he's gonna hunt down and kill white people via
#buildthewall are white supremacists #nobannowall
#handoverlakhvi i dont see that happening coz for pak  all anti india ppl are called social workers there ! remember saeeda abeeda n hafiz ?
#laborday is here  and as expected  everything but the honoring of america's white workers is in full play ...
#nevertrump have aligned w / the left who have aligned with violent  radical anarchist antifa  blm who
#plannedparenthood is involved in many cases of fraud and criminal behavior . support #alliancedefends #itsprettyugly
#radiofreenorthwest 387donner on #discernment  covington on stochastic terrorism  gretchen  british
#rammstein should be designated as the official #altright band . #depechemode is more fitting for the #altlight .
#stophatingjews israel is best friend of india . we should offer them home here if they want to come .
#tripura : 43 died and more than 20000 others fallen ill due to #malaria  since first week of june
#tu160 strategic bomber : russian ' formidable ' weapon against #isil in #syria #airforce
& dems to own antifa using a detached bunch of losers as chum . they're in motion & will battle phantoms into oblivion now .
& even white folks dont want to live amongst other white folk ... its not a race / color thing .
' holocaust ' debate / comments / news did hitler visit the death camps ? : i am no expert on hitler and his mo ...
( ( ( white verified users ) ) )
* warning * danger white
. #taxreform plan makes us employers more competitive ; repatriates corporate money parked overseas .
. giving an update on his work as an activist over the last year .
. has announced the airing of garbage anti-white marxist propaganda on their platform.dear white people  cancel your subscription .
. i hope takes it up . having said that  i have to add that vasan's eyecare xcellent in delhi
. on ted cruz . he's not the first conservative commentator to see through cruz  but he sees clearly .
. president argues denying lgbt customers service is a religious liberty | #viceonhbo tonight 11pm
. rawat using british style of anarchy on peaceful protestors .
. this tweet made my day / night ! people fret over the so called mistakes that the national socialist party have made ...
. tired of white ppl coming into spaces  saying black lives matter & not doing anything to advance that in their white circles
.. but it's where my people go ... we are a diaspora people ... we wander from nyc to fl .. fo
... i sure hope we can get some of that cultural enrichment ! ! !
... the religious rightappear to have been so many barnacles hitching free rides on the whale of the jacksonian populist electorate .
1 every few years  when jews become a target . within the past 5 years  we've seen a ton  because of rise of antisemitism .
15 year old white danish girl blinded by african muslims in racially motivated hate crime | more : via
2 . for every ta-nehisi coates  there are thousands of white men whose very numbers control the narrative .
2nd year in college i read the ga secession conv . compiled by frehling  i was already re
35 women speak out on americas rapist : by hunter wallace here .
40 billion for puerto rico with 45 billion more promises . major populist stuff there .
5 / passion and work for causes they care about . i shared all the pictures of the nazis at charlottesville . some of those people were
74 % of white evangelical protestants view trump positively .
8) u have to be very demented to argue  as moore has  that whites don't matter anymore . just really sick people .
90 % of rape is intraracial . most white women are raped by white men .
98 % of farmers are white people .
99 % of white people are race realists . bernie is a race realist ; thats why he lives in vt . he knows who hates who .
: : elin krantz : just another dead white liberal female via #didy ...
: absolutely insane . government #corruption - #wpww #zog #nwo
: afraid of being labeled a #racist ? why ? #racism is perfectly normal  healthy & natural . #reason #reality #news #ows
: arizona law to criminalize undocumented immigrants illegal aliens #illegalimmigration #afire
: conference to focus on abortions of disabled unborn babies
: fair blog : doj joins #aclu in bullying school districts #afire #immigration
: he is a white guy pretending to be a black guy and everybody knows he is a white guy . he doesn't care that we
: islamic state jihadis behead 82 - year-old archaeologist in palmyra
: jack phillips  in his own words  explains what his case today before #scotus is all about . #justiceforjack
: liam neeson : narnia's aslan the lion could be muhammad as well as christ via
: liberals claim to hate guns and russia but use both to hurt  kill  and corrupt fellow americans . dumbocrats are evil  hyp
: mi : qur'an-burning pastor jones jailed ovr planned mosque protest : jailed 4 planning a protest ?
: michael wade #va91 ralph northam team calls white people crackers @
: milo : mainstream conservatism is the answer via
: our tv addicted people via
: people will never see a white flag flying outside headquarters .
: spencer speaketh ! no worries - spencer is posting at atlas shrugs . destroyers will never silence us :)
: the hatred spewed by robert spencer led to murder #israel #myjihad #uk #us #islamophobia #islam #muslim ...
: the perpetuity of jihad
: this is how the ruling class thinks : bankers mock #occupywallstreet protesters by drinking champagne #ca ...
: we have very racist anti-white media  usually led by whites . what is happening ?
: we support #justiceforjack .
: white nationalism is the west .
: yadav singh  amitabh n sedition case will finish mulayam sp n bsp . high time bjp acts . deal with trojans first
a haunting look back at the national socialists ' most famous architecture via
a minority of jews agree . i am part jewish and agree . is a jew that hypes this .
a moron people can not create a great nation ; they should be well fed and well cultivated and highly motivated citizens for the society .
a note to blogbuster : re : it seems the holocaust discussion is dying ? ...
a very good introduction to the #altright from and .
adolf hitler : the greatest story never told ( 2013 ) - imdbvote for us on & leave a review .
adolf hitler on the importance of racial preservation #swrm #hitler #racialpreservation via
afp podcast & article : the day of the white man via
agreed ! no you're not a racist . it's justice .
agreed very sad
alex soros and crew exposed at the false flag charlottesville as white supremacists trying to start a race war . .
all those lectures to white america about how evil were . our racist history .
alright  alright ! #maga friend ! i'm glad that you saw the truth . some of these ppl are vicious lol
america needs a new cuck liberal party
an excellent starting point to learn about history of islam would be the work of dr . warner .
and also there must be action and not just information . the altright talks about impossibilities that do not make sense . the ethno state is fine as a fantasy but it is not a reality . are the altright leaders personally going to force people out ? we need real actionable tasks .
and no chinton in the white house
and replace ? we don't deport or kill one white person for every immigrant that arrives ! i'm sorry change bothers you  but get a grip
another white heritage month has come and gone . #activism for our people continues ! #workingclass
anti-invasion defend europe ship arrives off libyan coast #swrm via
are you guys like aliens ? ? like yall came from a racist planet
are you now a terrorist ? are all white pro-americans terrorists now ?
are you white or non white ?
as rhodes statue falls  white backlash rises via
as someone from european descent  could you spell the country's name right ? not like you have to chisel it in marble.also ... richie ..
atlanta fire chief giving a real lesson in faith under fire :
auguest 1980 | #moradabad communal riots | approx 2000 killed | ruling party congress
back in 1890 there were smarter people than today's leftist democrats .
bbc headline on isis suicide bombing in germany : syrian migrant dies in german blast #wakeupamerica
be honest net border immigration has declined to levels of a generation ago .
because it literally threatens what hereditary means . it puts the environment into the gene  into the h2 . thats a massive problem .
because that would mean more white people .
bernie bros are entitled white males via
better sit in an office and police the fish in a barrel than monitor machete sales and truck rentals  eh ?
bill clinton rape accuser drops bombshell about what hillary did to her
bjp ready for pre-poll pacts with agp and bpf : bjp  which aims to come to power in the upcoming assembly polls ...
blacks who tortured white man charged with hate crimes
bombing of dresden : a real holocaust this was jewish plan via
boo-fucking-hoo  a white supremacist was attacked for spewing hate  which is not protecte
bottom line we can never know - probably not true but now its out there . this accusation serves only one purpose - destroy him if possible . dems and rinos behind this smear .
brad griffin  in the alt-south movement do you lose the war again ? does sherman get to cuck you ?
breaking news : a federal district court ruled wednesday that city of atlanta rules which led to the termination of
british nationalsocialists turn tables on reds and shut down talk by marxist professor | more :
british war cabinet : hungary offers jews to leave in 1944 : ... an no holocaust even mentioned . secret . copy no ...
broad support for ten commandments monument reflected in numerous briefs at supreme court
brutal black-on-white abduction and murder of a little white girl in ms
bs . whites don't expect this to happen to their daughters under any circumstances . if you t
btw there was an explosion in spain today not sure if it was an attack
burning down your own city and stealing from your community is not justice it's illegal looting !
but he has probably gone mad because of white people and confederate statues -
but he will be kept in delhi
but if 1 white knocked out 1 black it would be plastered everywhere as a hate crime . just more pcbs
but if islam tells them to kill or enslave unbelievers and muslims kill a
by true conservative  they mean open borders  free trade  deregulation  and endless wars . no one is pining for ww3 with russia
campuses are inherently anti-white / anti-free speech.they dont need to be actively attacking for us to act . once we act  they show their hand
can i join i'm twelve years old  and white
can somebody in the alt-right make a good picture collection of fashy hair cuts with good angles . gotta go get it pretty soon .
can try to hide bigotry with false threats from old white sheriffs but will still be a nationalist org full of racist
can we get past white and black ? why are you still here ? ?
can't fight with words ? just blindly start punching people and hope for the best . #prisonmentality is always so successful in the real world
censorship will just cause these platforms to collapse of their own and new media to take their place
chamber ! u don't get that it's a true patriotic message that brings people out  no $ .
charlottesville is a beautiful city  it's a bit too liberal for me but the land and people around the city are great .
could mean some people are fluent in the details of any given field while others work with their hands . hands on learning and instruction
couldn't make it to #unitetheright unfortunately  but got some good mountain gainz in their honor . stay safe out there
cruz hires neocon loons  gaffney  ledeen  abrams - - news from
cuckservatives : nimrata randhawa haley's official republican response to the state of the union add via
darwin was a racist anyways !
david brooks : the great war for national identity via
did anybody hear if shooter was antifa
did slavoj iek plagiarize jared taylors american renaissance ? the celebrity marxist philosopher caught copying .
did you miss the socon review  curated by ? best round-up of news impacting the pro-family movement :
disney has first and foremost been a purveyor for introducing sorcery and that in itself is bad enough !
dnc chair candidate wants to ' shut other white people down ' via
do y'all celebrate black history month
do you know what those anti-white pos put underneath those gloves  rolled around their knuckles ? steel .
do you think disaffected whites will be turned off by american aesthetics ?
does a lawsuit against berkeley count as fighting ?
doesn't the republican party expel and repudiate white nationalists from its ranks and withholds $ $ !
don't make that mistake  they won't make u chancellor . swastika is hindu
don't worry  i'm sure it won't come to that . your fascist friends in dc will fail and you can go back to your racist hate rants
don't you mean it's preferred to be white ?
dramatic rise of white flight in uk : white families escape from multiracial areas | read more :
dream night and day of the day mueller puts the hammer down on trump  jr  jarad  et al .
dude i was trying to make sure you were ok from the txt you sent me . i th
dude we a twitter family . mebier stop racist about black americans . we are all only americansbeach
elite policy debate on immigration does not match americans views  says study
elites . we r all slaves 2 central bankers . white  black  brown  red . private bankers own fed.race distracts us
empirically false from the last couple rallies involving antifa . you've
ethnies . not race . genetically some black are closer to some white that other blacks .
even a single allegation has been proved on asaram bapu ji ! pocso misused ! #protesttostopinjustice
everyone already has a right to be free from religious prejudice & civil rights discrimination by a business .
everyone sign the petition to force a white house response to this hate crime :
everything was put in simplistic terms of good vs . evil.good is the allies  bad is anything racial / nationalism
excuse me ? i ain't white . and i'm not dening that white people can be hateful  but do you have more than one instance of white massacer as o
fair is a white supremacy group . blue lives matters is filled with white supremacists . i wouldnt help a dying cop for fear of their hate .
fair is listed as a hate group with ties to supremacists & eugenics . they want to make america hate again :
fcken video is shocking  thats what they think of white  then shudnt b in country . remember when nordic countries were white
few bjp ppl also updating passbooks in spite of pl . check new swiss accounts
for clarity  you want to statue so people can learn from past ?
for more on white man's disease  see
for the record  i never had any confidence in the #trucons . i wrote my predictions of a trump presidency last september :
fox 9 is an anti-white hate group
fraternities : one of the last bastions of white identity : rt :
fraud & ineptitude have been wall st trademarks since glass-steagall's repeal  leading the american people to deal with a full blown crisis .
from : number of crimes : white ppl = 68.9 % black ppl = 28.3 % white ppl = 62.6 % of us popnblack ppl = 12.6 %
from italy cecile #kyenge is first minister non-white of new government
give us a hint . video of cruz and rubio waist deep in foam ?
global ? white latinbet extinctions !
globism is such a huge force . . . and so destructive at the same time . i just don't get the ignorance level to carry that globism fantasy forward ? ? ?
god is shaking his head at how stupid #trump voters are . he gave you guys free will and you're glorifying a racist . veeery christian-like .
great quotes al the time.this is more white people trying to tell everybody what's best.they don't know what black people want
hahaha glad to see we're still keeping in the full court press in charlottesville .
harkins  traficant  collins-piper  carto ; theres a long  long list of the dearly departed associated with afp ...
hate crime charge dropped for 4 black teens who kidnapped and tortured a white teenager .
have enough problems around the world without yet another one . when i am president  russia will respect us far more than they do now and ...
have you seen bombard's body language youtube videos ? you can analyse people beyond ju
having it in ga  tn  or ky would make it regional  which isn't bad ( & personally more conven )  but woul
he looks huh ' white to me
he was a delusional coward who led the reich to its own demise with his irrational decisions .
he was advised by police to avoid public appearance due to security reasons . people were extremely angry.even cm left mumbai
he's deleting legitimately critical comments on his article .
hello  pundits shocked by cruz win in kansas . my advice is that you #nevertweet .
hema ji will become cabinet minister for sure  and will challenge jj in tn assembly election .
hey  quit it with the sissy pushups and pick up some iron ! get in here and poast them gainz ! #liftwaffe
hey jeffy boy  watch this ! the kkk still loves you  boy .
hillarys treason w / classified emails and obama and his illegal spying on the american people are the ones who should be in prison
history is groipsnof people hating each-other until one kills enough of them that they give up
hitler is most popular ! !
holocaust challenged for the first time ever on german tv
honestly  would a well-funded opposition party act any different than our current news media ?
hooray for ! ignore the racist hate group called fair . your constituent thanks you . ( seriously  why are they always in my tl ? )
houston we have a problem ! city subpoenas pastors sermons . #4houston5 #istandsunday
how am i racist ? explain yourself . which race do i not like because i'm white and my kids are black and hispanic
how could a jew be a part of any sort of white identity movement  alt right or otherwise ? jews aren't white
how dare white people have a day to celebrate their culture ! shut it down ! #stpatricksday
how do people not have boar sausage pouring out of their freezers ?
how flatfooted ? took  main backer of policy  3 hrs to get statement out . usually the wh comms dir would have supporters ready to go .
how many are white men with asian women .
hungary pm slams migrant ' rebellion '  u . n . warns of millions more refugees :
hunter is a brave guy who takes serious social  financial  and physical risks under his own
hypocrisy  thy name is - challenges modi for a debate - then unfollows who offered a debate
i actually agree with him here . 90 % of what you say hunter i agree with.you remind me of a younger duk
i am a christian and i agree with you .
i cannot condemn people for exercising free speech . waving flags is just speech . me not liki
i do hope people will sue c-ville and the state of virginia for not protecting citizens .
i don't even care if white people have that right  i'm white so i'm going to do my bes
i dont know what the point of this propaganda is ... white people are victims ? does it matter that anti-white hate crimes have gone up when 46 % of whites are perpetrating the hate crimes and 3x as many blacks are victims of hate crimes even though they only make up like 13 % of us
i find the problem more with the men they attract to the alt right more so than the women ar youtubers .
i have a feeling these idiots have a lesson coming before long . good people are n
i have just signed the ku klux klan acts into law which means federal troops will be at a voting center near you !
i have known taylor personally since 2005 . i've even reported from inside his conferenc
i have no idea what you are talking about . white supremacy = pure evil .
i have no problem having a joint missile defense with israel . but we all know gop cucks are o
i heard congress had condemned them ... oh wait they condemned a legal assembly of people who didn't riot and loot . silly me .
i heard nathan damingo doesnt like black people
i heard the same about the alt right . i wasn't there . the whole thing was disgusting .
i hope no foolish white boys are going to get arrested this weekend . please take care .
i know d-aspartate and dehydroepiandrosterone ( dhea ) increase t . zma increases through deeper sleep . never heard this abt krill tho .
i know that . the media was not initially reporting an accurate depiction of the event details .
i like the guys in black robes better than you people in white robes & hoods ! #march4marriage
i live on the west coast . if i lived on the east coast i would go for sure .
i love that me being white triggers people !
i m no admirer of crooked / appeaser gandhi ... but that doesnt mean i love hitler
i prefer the battle flag . triggering  southern  and great design that represents the heritage from the old country .
i think impregnating white women will make america great again
i think it was immoral for whites to invade america and immoral to try to keep it white .
i was an obama supporter when he first took office  but it didn't take long to see the real obama . he just wasn't good for america .
i won't go into detail about everything he said  but i will say that he definitely seems emotionally unstablea typical antifa type .
i'd go for marxism as their religion
i'd pay to see those optics . lol
i'll give you that the difference is black racism at worst leads to fist fights white racism leads to racist law power to enforce is key
i'll never understand the smallest percentage of people that contribute nothing to society  screaming for preferential treatment
i'm an indian aryan and i wholeheartedly support the movement for preserving the aryan race and its people .
i'm hispanic too . i can't wait to put christianity front and center again . europeans got too decadent for their own good . keep it simple .
i'm not sure how you think the kkk correlates with being pro and anti israel .
i'm pretty sure at that one father brought his daughters along in hopes of finding them fashy men to date
i'm spreading this to as many as will listen . how about we build a european ethnostate ? crowd fund some research ?
i'm super confused - aren't you white ?
i'm sure it involves hiv .
i'm surprised we still call it the white house   how much longer before that name is considered racist
i'm white  but not gluten free  lactose intolerant  peanut allergy  kale crunching  driving a subaru listening to mumford & sons white .
i've had it happen to me more than once . im not doing anything but supporting my country  my flag and my president & im called racist for it
i've heard this talking point  i think it's incomplete logic . i'm an ethnically diverse
if fleeing criminal gangs allows you refugee status in america  will white south africans also qualify ?
if only white supremacists were like the hutterites ...
if spencer shows the media coverage will go national . he is the key .
if you hate me for my religion how are you better than the terrorists who kill you for your beliefs ?
if you haven't already done so  contact your representatives and tell them you support the united states imposing sanctions on south africa
if you think this system is working  ask someone who isn't ! #fail #ows #occupy #economy #jobs
if you're white  you're an immigrant .
im pretty sure that retweeting this is a hate crime . did it anyway .
im sure it will work in the end because community outreach and stuff .
im tired of eating human flesh : south african cops probe cannibalism #swrm #animals via
im white and i understand that makes me a racist . i and my people are responsible for everything bad in the world .
in memoriam panzerdivision waffen-ss totenkopf t-shirt from the white resister : via
in the history of history  have you ever heard about an openly pro-white not being labeled a racist ? if
incoming vid of deadlift . no rack pulls cause strain in low back / hammy . will rest it and get massage curtesy of university
incredible india .
india  china and russia and all asia should jointly guarantee the independent and neutral status of tibet like switzerland in europe .
iranian #muslims inject dogs with acid to kill them en masse :
iranians are caucasoids . white . better example is southern italy . sicilians are roughly 10 % black .
ironically i was joking that maxine waters couldn't spell impeachment . i was right she said she was going to inpeach president trump
is ... is the hamster white ?
is at the cutting edge of white advocacy .
is cruz blaming trump for the front page headline in the national enquirer ?
is disgusting saying potus trump is going to get someone in the media killed . and she claims to be a republican strategist . ha !
is there a white chamber of congress ?
is white so how is this racist ?
it is if they end up monopolising the internet . it is wrong to compare this to the editorial policy of a newspaper  a better comparison would be if all the streets and public spaces were privatised and the company in question then places restrictions on what people can do and
it is time for churches to bear the entire cost of evangelizing #faith to troops . abolish #military chaplain positions .
it pushes everyone into larger standard deduction to make up for that . not large enough to make up for loss of state and local deduction in my state . i'm surprised charities aren't complaining as they will lose a lot of donations when people don't itemize any more .
it still looks corporate . the entire point of a logo is so people can recognize you and what you stand for .
it symbolizes what the founders envisioned-a white ethno state . dont let them convince you otherwise .
it will be a major loss to the altright though if it becomes only about the south . south & other areas
it will eventually be blamed on cis white racist patriarchy
it's amazing how they know who is a jew vs non-jew
it's important to remember that only whites are capable of hate crimes  - when in doubt brin
it's never a race issue unless it's a white guy . bigoted statistics . read the constitution  please .
it's not difficult to see barkha's biases . come to think of it  people like her awakened ppl to vote for namo .
it's part of the narrative . if we aren't racist  then they have nothing to hate us for ... especially since the russia story is gone .
italy is for italians : angry villagers take to streets in protest at influx of non-white via
jamelle bouie : government by white nationalism is uponus
jared kushner a growing target of online anti-semitism  says adl
jared taylor examines the explosion of hate crimes across the united states .
jewish #banking must be fair
jews = white now bruh . didn't used to but irish italians etc weren't either . jews ' app 4 so
jews are now in full control : canadian man goes to jail for posting on white nationalist websites via
jim acosta is  one if the best in the business  stephen miller is an about racist  a white supremacist  a
join the national-socialist struggle and fight for your children :
joining 2:30 pm et to talk family friendly  patriotic  faith filled films winning big . #therealstory
just 5 days ago bjp mp  mysuru  exposed cong strategy . gandhi family ethics .
just spoke to a printer about reprinting the 50 page national geographic article as a booklet . getting a quote !
kairana hindus join the elite club of kashmiri pandits and silence of liberals and even rw continues .
kkk numbers are on the rise every time america feels threatened . obama has been your biggest recruiter ! #trump2016 #hillaryprison
labour is no more as important as it was in 18th century . technology has ensured it .
league of the south holds confederate flag demonstration - :
league of the south statement on roy moore's defeat :
leave black people alone
let the far left be violent . let them destroy their image . the alt right should appeal to middle class
let's just see how far that sh * t gets w / mad dog as secdef & president trump as cinc . :/
libertarianism is an intellectual ghetto for people who aren't allowed to say what they really think .
libertarianism without nationalism is suicide .
like omg some black people did vote for trump . also  muh thomas sowell .
lmao . so ... who among those was at the white house ? what are their names ?
lol how about no . he obviously doesnt lead according to the needs of the mission .
lol they used to throw nets over people like this and haul them off to the booby hatch !
lol you think people who are white with blue eyes are always beautiful . i think
look at all them nice white people . probably for the best
looks like we ( bjp ) will win majority in maharashtra and haryana
looks like white have nots .
loooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooool you mad ?
major study : physically strong men are more likely to be right-wing | read more : via
makes me a racist as well !
margaret sanger  she's a racist ?
mayo is white supremacy
miller county  ga is 70 % white . so  virtually 100 % of white voters here must have voted for trump
millions huh ? haha . the people he killed & his theory behind how to protect the existence of the white race is why
mlk monuments need to come down
more than 100 national socialists living in hiding in the zionist occupied germany via
most immigrants are legal . it's just america is less white and the country can't come to terms with its own racism .
most white christians don't support the gay marriage diktat from the federal bench .
mr . taylor is available to appear on newsnight tonight . the email address you sent through our site is incorrect .
mt : news coming out of gosnell abortion clinic trial is absolutely horrifying .. not one network has done any coverage of it .
mum thankful for baby girl after abortion attempt failed | news | the christian institute
my ancestors came here legally by the laws of the land in the 1700s .
my first contribution . my first contribution to anything since the redpill took me . #altright
nah  sjw are anti-white racists and violent fascists .
national review on nelson mandela : new york the final word on mainstream conservatism : note : the gop recentl ...
new black on white guy mob attack  could be repeat offender #usofbra
new cdc data shows that while all other demographic groups in america are living longer  white americans 45-55 are dying at alarming rate
new post : malaysia : 17 arrested for plotting jihad terror attacks in kuala lumpur
no . americans first
no minister from bihar is yet offering to resign ; what a shame ! ! pl . sack all of them tonight
no nothing more beautiful than the blue eyes ! ! !
no one is for abortion . we are for personal choice . stop lying .
no seriously . i get sending everyone post - 1965 back to where they came from  but black people didnt ask to come here . different situation .
no such thing as dem and rep just white suprmscist left & white suprmscist right .
no wall ever you racist dummies
no we recapture our flags like rebel confederate & take ownership of the enemy's most potent claims ( racist ) to reframe + sublimate ( eg it's ok to be white ) . this assumes white means white man who defends the race and white is a synonym for racist .
nope  dont love it  racist .
nope . they're all cuckservatives or leftists and all system wonks . no matter who wins  we still loose .
norway  oslo police : we have lost the city | more : via
not at all unless you hate his white half . lol
not sure if you read but they say immigration is down . you think refugees are up but immig is down ? thx for the great posts .
nypd killer fb video ~ corrected and enhanced : #tcot #ccot #pjnet #supportnypd ! #cults
obama administration to deny public records requests on mateens jihad attack at the pulse
obama was a racist . anyone who buddies up with is a racist in my book .
oh i understand it - i also asked for a struggle exclusive to whites . the opposite of
oh please ! has done more for conservatism than all these asshats combined . good riddance !
ok so these 3 examples prove what ? how many are victims of crime related to illegals ? 10sthousands
okay  thnx . i know about amren / jared t  but it is pretty far from richmond .
or how about all the people there quit paying federal taxes ? that would be cool too wouldn't it ?
over 250 swedish white nationalists march in stockholm ( video ) v ? a
over 600 is terrorists killed by cruise missiles in deir ez-zor russian defense minister #syria #russia
owaisi only indian muslim of import who has publicly defended is . the demographics of where he seeks votes explains why the rest silent ?
pelosi connects alt-right  white supremacist movements to trump in aipac speech via
people are dead and here you are butthurt that hunter was right .
people don't like him who watch fake news .
people like and have risked everything for everyone but themselves  please support them .
people used to pay to see freaks like this .
people who assert that poc are less than and should live separated from white folks should be allowed to teach school ? are you kidding ?
people who think an elected official really has control of these things lol
pl . act on this matter ; pl . reopen shilpi jain murder casethe shame of
pl . do away with #kyc for smaller accounts upto rs . 50 lakhs or 1 crore
pl dismantle this brain washing camp
planned parenthood : knockin ' on bevin's door : #humanity knows #life ends when pp's doors remain open . #basic .
planned parenthood : number one enemy of access alliance defending freedom blog
please watch & spread swp's new video on white genocide & check out
pls consider donating to today . amren vs . splc | american renaissance
pm greets the people of china  on their national day
president of india shall act on the advice of the union cabinet .
proud to be white .
proud white women speak out against white genocide ( video ) via love these gal's !
question for gorsuch : scotus overturned its 1972 precedent upholding natural marriage in obergefell . was it therefore wrongly decided ?
radical beatniks rt the real threat : #capitalism #communism #marxism #obama #politics #workingclass
real madrid soccer team removes cross from logo to avoid offending muslims
rep . steve king gets shamelessly racist or not | the occidental observer - white identity  interests  and culture
retweeted hunter wallace ( ): president trump : the fake news lgenpresse is the enemy of the american ...
right wing white nationalist is also scheduled to speak at the #vvs17 anti-lgbt  anti-muslim hate fest
robert spencer in frontpage : the clinton / vatican / tehran axis via
rotten way to make a living . king is a racist .
russian nationalists unite to form new party
sadly  i'm not sure many will get this tweet  given the state of the american education system over the last 20-30 years
salon warns of ' white menaces to society ' #tcot
satej patil  son of bihar governor dy patil trails by 2970 votes in kolhapur south against bjp's amal mahadik #decision2014
scotus agrees to tackle religious hostility by states case . via
see greedy & runaway from hardwork of arvind kejriwal  he and aap is left no where now .
shannon miles  the coward who ambushed and executed deputy goforth in texas  is a cold blooded murderer and deserves the death penalty .
sigh . you have nothing to say just canned ws taking points . i can turn on fox to hear your anti black rhetoric lol . have a mute .
so ... are you going to vote for candidate cruz in the 2016 presidential election ? lol !
so any cute guys in that crowd i may be interested in
so are human sacrifices then . stfu .
so are you russian or a racist ? i would argue both .
so is god on the side of the white supremacists ? first we get a racist total solar eclipse  now a r
so only white people existed im the us at that point ? loooooooool
so sad to see amina & sarah killed by their father . hope he is captured one day
so white people are geocoding themselves ...
so you are saying a white person who converts to judaism changes race . again  ok .
soleilmoon is closed today ( monday ) and tomorrow ( tuesday ) because your favorite soleilmoonie is on jury duty ...
sorry  i don't buy this . anarchists are at war with isis in syria . they're soft on islamism but not the isis variety .
sounds just like every leftist / antifa threat . must be the obama alpha male hormones coming out in ?
south africa : the white refugees no one wants via
south africas - only town of orania turns 25 | read more : via
special notice to all jews
splc is an anti-white racist organization
such a great turnout & wonderful day at #marchforlife ! pics --> #weareprolife #blizzard2016
sunni and shia muslims regard al-ahmadiyya followers as kuffar am i missing something here ?
sup bro  i'm white .
sure  they were deceived into fighting against there own interests .
sure is not going to work in the south . good luck to them on tuesday
surrogate offered $ 10000 to abort baby  chooses life : #prolife
sweden : white women told not to go out alone at night due to rape epedemic via
swedish media is despicable as a matter of policy ...
talmud : ' all property of other nations belongs to the jewish nation which  consequently  is entitled to seize it without scruples '
taqiyya is a problem here . it allows a muslim to deny their true believes to protect themselves from the unbelievers .
tfw tries to mock for saying jews run the media  when jews admit they do #tucker
thanks man i really appreciate hearing that . i'm going to try and start one soon once i have more time . god bless u
thanks to salon for pushing bs journalism echoing the hysteria of hitler at every corner . alt left losing their minds .
that's because they've never seen a islamic women's march .
that's not a bright move but then again they have a beverly hills antifa chapter
that's not true . whites don't scream their civil rights have been violated . you never here a white say he was arrested because he was white
thats not what white supremacy is . white supremacy is the belief that white people are the supreme when theyre not
thats the same as declairing war on white america  challenge excepted  its killin time
the altlite doesn't want white supremacy . look at anticom ie or vanam
the antifa communist thugs have shut down speeches  attacked police  burned american flags and waved soviet flags . msm response ; crickets !
the ethnic minorities and especially pakistani muslims are the only demographic strongly supporting the labour party . concentration of votes
the flesh is evil and the personality is a psychosis . identity politics is for idiots
the founding fathers were white nationalists .
the government shouldn't force pro-life doctors to promote abortion  and a federal judge agrees
the guardian has an issue with white people .
the is perhaps quoting the plagiarized parts of early patrtsv quran that came from bible & jewish texts .
the left and right are in it together . they are like the mob fighting for their criminal interests . the people are now populists
the most dangerous class of criminals are the 70 white people who have been responsible for mass murders in schools . #racist
the parties changed their positions . gop started out liberal . dems were originally conservative . started changing in the late 40s
the power of optics
the president is condemning antifa ! he admits we had a permit & there are 2 sides to the story !
the romans were racist towards other types of white people  let alone other races . it was a literal fascist empire w / a slave underclass .
the threat from the #debt - from our #ohio blog . #iran #korea #greed #war #peace
the wall is racist and xenophobic and by extension youre racist and xenophobic . delete your account  and disband your organization .
the white and black people need to wakeup
the white sa people refuse to leave . oh well .
the world cried wolf bobby dear .
their ancestors left europe for a better life . now they must leave africa for a better life .
their whole party is based off of rhetoric and unrealistic ideas . that's why trump can't get any laws passed #thewallisastupididea
there were guys with guns and it didn't matter because the cops pushed everyone into antifa
theres no freedom of speech in corp america either . the ledt cry to shut us up
these are white people according to
these clowns just hate white conservatives . they love white dumbocrats !
these people need to exposed for apologists they are .
these same indian jouranlists never asked tough questions to sonia gandhi .
they did before at berkeley . why are u surprised ?
they didn't cuz mcauliffe told them to stand down charlottesville was planned man make us look bad
they even pick on the white power ranger ...
they hate all jews  christians & other religions & really hate all muslims not just like them
they told you white people that you were the only ones that ca
they're feeding the white nationalist narrative !
thin i suppose it did unite the right and divide the cucks
think about it . the coservative christian party that's all about #familyvalues has a candidate with no values #nevertrump
this  ladies & gentlemen is the perfect example of #tyranny .
this doesn't make sense though ... only white people can be racist ? #liberallogic
this equalism experiment has been going on for 60 + years . when will people admit it has failed ? we're on the brink of that now .
this guy earns his daily bread by spreading #hate now they are pinning half white crime's on 100 % aryan / white people ! #race-mixers
this is common sense on the alt-right . just look at detroit
this is great news for the milo brand
this is the white man march
this is very bad . pl . take precaution .
this is what someone who is actually dangerous to a cop looks like . #ferguson #policebrutality
this right here is why the alt right will never be mainstream right . zero appeal to conservatives
this van jones is a radical apologist and a racist against anyone white .
this will prove to be last straw in aap's coffin . there is limit to misleading people . shame on aap .
ticky  western freedom has been fighting islam since before mohammed was invented . i stand with freedom  not oppression .
tl ;d r ; all clothes on white people is white supremacy
to all the youth that contact the anp professing their belief in national socialism :
to suggest married couples without children & single people  cannot be strong is  in error .
tomorrow 8 pm . pl .
top 10 german tank aces - the masters of the blitzkrieg via
true ! trump listens to experts  sessions on immigrtn  forbes on tax . call him !
true . also they never really liked him . milo identifies as a liberal .
trump  white nationalists  the media via #trump2016
trump a no-show at white house seder
trump vows to jolt economy with tax cuts and more  hammers clinton record | fox news
trumps populist coalition : in four graphs
twitter never made 1 buck in profit & now they kill themselves thru censorship . plus : people like us are moving to gab.ai with our stuff . twitter was ok for a while . we used it  played around  met people . now it's time to solidify our force field elsewhere #jointhetrek to gab.ai
two wrongs don't make a right  i'm sure they'd rather be given their own part of america than be sacrificed to the melting pot .
uk : muslim teen with finnish citizenship charged with terrorism offenses
unfortunately rape intimidation happens.but girls and women need to be educated about sexual assault and what to do and how to report it.parents should be aware of childrens whereabouts and behavioral changes also.ask the questions and get the answers .
university of colorado and du need posters !
university of washington ( seattle  wa ) #projectsiege
us fragmentation and southern identity via
us murders concentrated in non-white counties #swrm via
us says anti-semitism a growing problem in europe via
uses jihadi as a shaming word  says there is no connection between islam and terrorism . pinnacle of insanity .
very active in the sixties  seventies and up to early eighties . published the thunderbolt newspaper . hq was in ga
via mali : islamic jihadists shell troop-heavy area around gao airport #tcot
vox day is buddy buddy with milo and cerno . he has no business with anything to do with racialism .
wanted : infuriated young men to join the jihad via
we ain't all your white people .
we can blame the existence of the daily stormer on racist white men  yes .
we need a white caucas
we should not go back to cville under any circumstances . i know from people inside the univ . that they
we'll see you ... in september ! #vvs16
we're counting down ! #vvs17
well then  all of those people waving sickle and hammer flags must be at least equally threatening .
well u don't need power to be a racist
well white people are suffering by this notion of white privilege which could be instead explained through iq .
what brexit means for trident  intelligence and national security
what if we just rile up every leftist group and the media and never actually show up and see what happens ?
what is white supremacy ?
what now ? just hitler was mindless hater despised every who wasn't white or german ? man your the stupid ..
what these four people did  in torturing a disabled young man was reprehensible  but don't blame everyone for this .
what's sadder - being jack hunter or being jack hunter's dad ?
whats it like living in your fantasy land ? you want to see what real privilege looks like ? here . here is your white privilege
when a white person runs three k's together - coincidently they are considered racist - just saying
when you've got 60k people marching  you can have a couple of fit guys with decent fashio
whenever our fellow white citizens see white people publicly standing up for our race it is good !
where are the white concentration camps and mass executions ? there aren't any ! you are delusional .
which is why people advocating for punching nazis worries me so much .
white advocacy = hateblack  jewish  hispanic  asian  lgbt advocacy = mainstream and
white americans are committing suicide in record numbers . it's a punchline to shitlibs like
white and proud of it
white debt
white girl bleed a lot # 2 on for amazon kindle best selling books on race and ethnicity . thanks everyone !
white high school student beaten  including with chair  by black students for being white
white lies that are terrorist are you .
white lives matter is described as racist ? damm . ( not surprised  just being ironic )
white man visits the black republic : rt :
white nationalism
white nationalism without naming the jew never leads anywhere  nor is it intended to . --->
white nationalists are threatening civil war if america doesnt become racist .
white people should boycott the bet awards because there are not enough white winners lol . spike lee and jada please take a seat .
white students turned away from anti-racism seminar for being white | read more : via
white supremacist  neo-nazi posters hung at boston school via
white supremacist . lol .
white supremacy .
who is he ? ? what hunting people down for ? ? ? ... must be with the kkk this one of yall ? ? ?
who's the guy in white ?
whole foods jesus : god * * * white america via #sjw #waronwhites #racetraitor #racewar
why are you silent ? pl . intervene
why is the acela corridor so racist then ?
why is your fm telling white lies in public ?
why the schadenfreude ? why not be neutral since milo helped the altright with his positive piece on the movement in breitbart
will you please sign petition to end genocide in south africa and rt thanks !
will you raise your voice against rape & murder of innocents ? pl read
wonderfully said james ! i ended up leaving the proudboys for identity evropa after all the mistreatment of identitarians by other members .
wow . anyone who's seen the video knows that this is a complete lie . not even an opinion . a lie . peacefully marching #antifa thugs smashing the car before it drove off the road . but that's all down the memory hole ; a supposedly credible mainstream newspaper freely ignores it .
wow black and white americans can get there jobs back thx
wrong whites / europeans have been around for millions of years you pos . you truly are stupid .
yeah  you are . you're beliefs are hateful . you believe in white supremacy and naziism . you reek of hate
yeah because thats what she was doing scalping people lol figures the trump supporter believes everything u read on the internet
yeah it does . especially on news channels such as fox and sun . not muslim points but anti-muslim points .
yeah it is ! they are ashamed of being caught because they know they are wrong . if they had anything of value it would be the only thing in the news .
yeah lets have a mass debate robert ...
yeah sure . were all going to grow and unite as a nation over tax cuts
yeeep . exactly . nobody ever asked white people to apologize for being white . although most white ppl do demand terrorist racists who are white to apologize for being white .
yes - its hunter . greatest race hoax of all time ! ! ! ahhhhhhhhh what are we going to do ?
yes but i had the choice to stay here . not to be white . i love the go
yet another reason why we need to get in the white house
you and i are descended from apes . what makes you think white people are superior ? other than your insecurity ?
you are defending the right to be racist in public and white privilege ... call it what it is
you are forgetting gen x suburban dems . their favorite european vacation spots are dangerous  their tec
you are pure white supremacy . you don't get to make these claims and also be a hate group . your terrorism is not tolerated .
you aren't a race called white .
you can't coexist with people who want to kill you ! #rt #stopislam #stopjihad #nosharia #nopc
you claim religious freedom but what is really going on here is you
you come off as being happy that white people are getting scammed .
you don't believe the censorship itself has made people more aware of content being censored ?
you dont know jack about history if you think empires were built without the labor of people of color .
you guys are just cucks man ! now say some things we can use to make it look like you were in on the car thing .
you guys are worse than hitler . you hsould all burn . you are worse than the kkk . black and white unite ! ! !
you have a good work ethic  and i'm sure a few dollars spent on you will be well spent . = = = > #pjnet #nrx
you have the freedom to be crazy have #faith but are not free from criticism . no more burning alive at
you may judge islam by seeing only one person in the world . he was in the totally correct way given by the almighty .
you mean obama was from british labor party ?
you run away and cry on social media
you think fb is anti-white ?
your children at risk in schools - rt : tickets to our #actdc15 gala dinner still available . can't ...
your white supremacist leader tony must be creaming his trousers over this one
zimbabwe set to give white farmers 90 days to vacate their farms | more : via
"  "" : how adolf hitler tackled financial and economic crisis within three years via "" "" """
"  "" the government should not force religious organizations ... to be complicit in providing abortion pills ... "" "" """
"  "" white male problem "" "" """
"  "" white males "" "" """
"  "" without white people's help the third world will never improve "" "" ~ t . a guy who's totally not racist . """
" #altrightmeans we must never cower from our heritage to get  "" respectablility "" "" """
" #nowplaying  "" 16 shots "" "" by vic mensa in #madlovetv #whenthugscry #cops #police """
" #opkkk #anonymous have you brothers and sisters seen this clowns tl ? perhaps someone should  "" help "" "" his account * cough * """
" . in other words  "" we need to keep brainwahsing whites to accept their destruction . "" "" #istandfordiversity """
" 1 % divide & rob us . no  "" white or black "" ""  we are connected by soul not skin tone #rt """
" 2 ) rational white nationalists like jared taylor come around . they're message goes from  "" america is an oppressive country "" "" to ... """
" :  "" drumpf's white house of cards  "" "" featuring """
" :  "" european peoples are largely fleeing from the future america preaches and promises . "" "" """
" : jew j . schoeps whines about  "" anti-semitism "" "" committee in #germany - #pediga #whitegenocide """
" : nationalsocialism rising in russia  government moving to ban justification of  "" nazism "" "" | more : """
" < iframe width =  "" 640 "" "" height = "" "" 360 "" "" src = "" "" "" frameborder = "" "" 0 "" "" allowfullscreen > </iframe> """
" abc news video :  "" young and racist "" "" - white separatist movement's rising star | read more : """
" black supremacist arrested for threatening to  "" kill all white people in the town "" "" via """
" but wait - aren't you jewish ?  "" russian-american "" "" is a bit disingenuous no ? you're a jew  first and foremost """
" expressing love for your own people makes you a  "" hate group "" "" if you're white . """
" family research council  #americanfamilyassociation and focus on the family - -  "" family "" "" means anti - #lgbt . #p2 """
" hunter thinks it's  "" cucking "" "" unless rallies are peppered with rebel flags and swastikas . """
" i don't understand what it is about racism that surpasses every other  "" societal nono . "" "" paedophiles draw less of a crowd . """
" i should clarify   "" appeal "" "" meaning  in the judicial sense  not in the vain sense . blm * is an appeal * to whites .. """
" jared  you believe the christkillers are  "" white "" "" . i want nothing to do with you . """
" may i reprint  "" they said no "" "" ? dave andrusko  editor  national right to life news today . great story """
" must watch !  "" how white people took over america "" "" ( with leftist pc "" "" anti-racism "" "" ; satire ) """
" no they've been wildly misinterpreted . the phrase  "" all people are created equal "" "" was in reference to the abolition of nobility . """
" of course people behave worse online than irl . that's why the internet is for memes and propaganda  not  "" making friends "" "" or even "" "" building community . "" "" irl "" "" activism "" "" is also not about "" "" making friends "" "" or "" "" building community . "" "" only feminists think that "" "" the personal is political . "" "" """
" racial violence and  "" racial superiority "" "" are a threat . america is not  nor ever was  a white nation . """
" rejecting  "" the racial aspects "" "" is rejecting reality  adopting the lysenkoism of equality & diversity . """
" rt  "" : : dr . david duke : will the white race survive ? ( video ) "" "" ; """
" rt  "" : david lane : open letter to the dead white race "" "" """
" rt  "" libertarians should be engaged in free speech and religious liberty 10x more bc this is enormous govt problem .. "" "" - #isflc2017 """
" rt ' holocaust ' debate / comments / news  "" only israelites are kosher "" "" nnatali cohen vaxberg in a new video for p ... """
" rt ' holocaust ' debate / comments / news peter winter on the auschwitz i  "" gas chamber "" "" : peter winter has posted ... """
" rt . praises #hobbylobby decision that  "" family business owners are free to live out their religious beliefs "" "" """
" rt 50 chartered planes ! 1st reddy  now .. bjp should hv organised seminars for aam aadmi -  "" how to arrange grand marriages during #demonetisation ! """
" rt : . in your article  "" white rage and racist thought  "" "" you call white supremacist richard spencer "" "" robert spencer """
" rt : or :  "" how to be fashionable and thwart a knife attack in europe "" "" """
" rt : same story with calling it  "" racist . "" "" muslims are not a race of people.islam is not a race . islam is an ideology . """
" rt : white house canceling public tours  "" due to sequestration "" "" : """
" rt : wondered what exactly stands for ? check out  "" fair's 7 principles of immigration reform "" "" #afire #tcot #p2 """
" rt absolute must read . i swear on my ( peter ) son .  "" : some unknown facts about arvind kejriwal "" "" """
" rt black supremacist screaming  "" i hate white people "" "" attacked whites in new york metro station ( video ) via """
" rt media are building an  "" atmosphere of hate around #realdonaldtrump . it might as well be a call for asssassination . """
" rt people will object  "" but the famous  large kill count  intricate ones are white ! "" "" - well yes  anything advanced / intricate / noteworthy is . """
" rt south africa : the white refugees no one wants #swrm  "" white refugees don't rape  i'll take two ! "" "" via """
" rt stop misquoting me  i never said that #gaurilankeshmurder was  "" well deserved "" "" . what were commies doing at press club of india ? """
" rt watch  "" har ghar modi | a song dedicated to narendraa song dedicated to narendra modi : """
" rt we must stand together .  "" democrats and #antifa are both here  so something is going down . "" "" """
" steve  "" smite and cleave "" "" chatterboy : 2hunter "" "" predator drone "" "" wallace : 0 """
" tbh we need to keep this on hand for the  "" weights make girls bulky "" "" people . if that's bulky then sign me up """
" the  "" mainstream "" "" is only a cartel of mass media organizations and aligned academics  donors  activists  etc . """
" the chief of police said to quote  "" give antifa space "" "" 1st is dead . """
" the computer you type on is a  "" white "" "" invention as is the internet . everything you eat  wear or walk on is white ... your mental age is 4 . """
" the second installment in the four part 7 inch series  "" moon and cups "" "" by rapoon has arrived . each record is ... """
" there is also video evidence of neonazis chanting  "" jews will not replace us . "" "" you cannot revisionist history your way out of charlottesville """
" there is no  "" alt-right "" "" except in the minds of liberal snowflakes . """
" there need not be a monolithic pan-european culture in order to have an ethnostate . racial groups being a  "" social construct "" "" imaginary . """
" they say  "" anti-white "" "" wow """
" what hateful ideology ? recognizing your open lies ?  "" christmas is not a european tradition "" "" - yes it is  as countless historians have documented it's rise in rome and dissemination throughout the european continent and the world  at the hands of europeans . """
" what is  "" right wing "" "" and "" "" bigoted "" "" about opposing jihad mass murder again ? i keep forgetting . """
" white nationalism isn't  "" being white "" "" . it's racism  in its most basic form . also  white ppl cannot be racist against other white ppl . but we sure can be trash  as you've demonstrated here . """
" why do you keep saying  "" huwhite "" "" ? """
" wouldnt a  "" cuck "" "" have capitulated to party leadership  i . e . trump ? is that not the exact definition of the word "" "" cuck "" "" ? """
" you provide no evidence that robert spencer is a  "" jew "" ""  so let's ask him ; robert spencer  are you a "" "" jew "" "" ? """
" your  "" information "" "" is false . to say there is no european culture  is to say there are / were no cultural themes emanating from the continent . """
! stop the illegal smuggling of 27000 cows per day to bangladesh from india ! #hdl
! you've seen my top 5 villains of the bible . here are my top five heroes . # 1 ? satan of course . who's yours ?
#altright press conference live now
#germany : muslim migrant shot dead after knife attack on german policeman in #ludwigshafen
#gopdebate
#hitchingpost still in search of a gay couple to attack their #religiousfreedom #pleasehelp #lgbt
#india has a new mahatma ; welcome mahatma for making india a clean  strong  prosperous  progressive  just & fair nation .
#ireallydislike obama's economy because over half of people working today are overqualified for their jobs .
#noamnesty us house republicans contact info
#nsa whistleblower edward #snowden - haven't you finally had enough america ? #wpww #freedom #policestate
& have changed my world view.thank god we have an alternative to the corrupt mainstream media .
' holocaust ' debate / comments / news more ' holocaust ' absurdities : auschwitz eyewitness / survivor ' dov pa ...
( i demand that it is removed  as the notion of racial supremacy is incredibly offensive to all other races . ) :)
* white supremacy ... is what you mean
+ 95 % of muslims are people of colour and most islamphobes are white racists .
. : say what ? planned parenthood calls itself a safe haven for newborns
. : us supreme court sends nonprofit abortion-pill mandate cases back to lower courts
. be strict  be kind - that's the path in most matters  for enforcement in india
. by raping  robbing resource rich ie gold diamond silver from african countries enslaving the people  in the name of colonialism
. feature : legal alliance gains host of court victories for conservative christian movement
. i'm not racist  sexist  anti-gay  prejudiced  bigoted i'm #liberal #democrat #nosharia
. rt : needs to call out the dems on their hatred of white people . go there ! it is an anti-white party
. the white man's conscience will be his undoing .
. truth is hunter + pals need milo . how pathetic is that ?
... and start an aipac to pool funds to smaller org that distribute  and an adl to track anti-white hate . please listen . send me a dm .
... to the name of alt right . there is a major convergence of catastrophes  and this gods
1 . historically  the south always adroitly parried the north's political attacks through legislation .
19 enumerated powers but we the free people were independent what the chur
2 / since christians can only have allegiance to one master ( christ )  it is incompatible to honor national or racial segregation over christ's borderless kingdom . the requirement of christ's kingdom  supersedes any nationalist border .
2/9 / 17 : white house press briefing
286 arrested ice's largest enforcement surge targeting criminal aliens
3 police officers dead  7 shot in baton rouge ; heavily-armed shooter at large - #batonrouge #tcot #tlot #nrx #ancap
50/50 silent gen + boomer gen that drove western civ into swamp . those born 1935-55  inflicted massive
8 ji  in past social media has never asked such questions . kindly stay cool as some may take it explosive expose
: #aryans have been assaulted for years - long overdue to fight for our existence : ... and the white race is ...
: . poll flawed - didn't offer option of enforcement - not just amnesty or deportation #iowadebate
: : liberals use birth control as political wedge issue to promote abortion
: > we're suing a website because we got hit by a caryeah i'm sure they'll get 2 mil . andrew anglin w
: a sleeping giant has been awaken in houston . ; #letthepeoplevote #istandsunday
: america's pro-white movement needs to understand that the elitists  ceos  politicians  only see one color : green for #greed ...
: being racist can be detrimental to your health .
: breaking : planned parenthood faces suit from ex-employee alleging massive fraud ...
: forget this white nationalist mess . i'm america first . so is our great potus and true patriots . color has nothing to do
: here's leader of white supremacist group violently assaulting a woma ...
: i agree ... but dems fail to recognize / admit that in alabama  girls can get married as ea
: it's a university . universities  no matter where they are  are always more liberal than their surrounding communit
: lol so says the anti unpeaceful white american that is happy leftist white american citize
: nigeria : islamic jihadists bomb church  murder five people
: obama will address planned parenthood gala . the group that knew about gosnell & didn't go to the police
: one in six east germans thinking like national socialists
: our very capable nc league of the south leaders on the topic of
: political correctness is gonna kill us all .
: they often try and identify nationalism with ' hate ' which is really a broad brush in generali call it a d
: those anti-whites want the white race extinct . plain and simple .
: toni valtonen : a white warrior in the mma world ( video ) via
: two noteworthy scotus decisions handed down today for #religiousfreedom and #freespeech :
: white pride march in wales passes off peacefully via
> over 6 million white people were killed by emmanuel samson
a racist white pride group to follow to see how their filths propaganda is spread
aap mla aamanatullah arrested for allegedly threatening a woman.waiting for kejriwal tweet i am proud of uamanu
aaps time is over  cong no longer a threat : delhi bjp president
about 500 or so people gathered at bolsa chica in #huntingtonbeach for #magamarch
actually  the antifa attacked a peaceful gathering . we have pics and videos .
ah  they are re-branding white genocide as the un-whitening of america.nice
ahhh another place dismantled by white supremacy terrorism
aint that america : white house unveils new gender inclusive restroom  gay power couple invietnam
all the consistent establishment insiders are coalescing behind cruz in a stunning grassroots revolution ! constitution ! the bible ! #cruzcrew
all their countersignaling was terrible optics and it killed their brand .
all they have . their corporate overlords stop them from getting into anything too serious .
alliance alert podcast for july 28  2015 #ppsellsbabyparts #physicianassistedsuicide #religiousliberty
also  our unity rests not on cultural  or imagined  differences  but on our psychic unity ... our primal unity . we are one species .
alt light = true freedom and all inclusive  just not making government elevate
alt right equals a bunch of troll . look at these anime loving homos .
alt right sentiment is running yellow warm
alt-right beefs via #altright
america does not need your slimey hate and islamophobia . please go away .
americas poorest white town proves link between race and crime przez
an open letter to karnataka cm siddaramaiah : prashant poojarys death matters
and now it is ! jared taylor ( )  brad griffin ( )  and michael hill ( ) will be my guests on this saturday's ( dec . 23 ) live broadcast of tpc to discuss the #twitterpurge .
and say they are not really black  they are white ? ! this is the problem ! no solutions here ! how about ugo back with your friends in libtown !
and then national socialist party shall take over .
and they say white people are racist
and you were right . they are willing to betray all of white america to curry favor with the people who
antifa are more of a damned nuisance than anything else .
antifa is a state of mind in contemporary america . they can be anywhere and everywhere .
antifa member stabs 4 whites in anti-white attack on campus .
antifa weren't attacking cars in
any ie members near indianapolis ? i'd like to have a memorial for the pow graves monument that got hammered by an #anarcomm
april 11933  judea declares war on germany boycott all german goods !
are spaniards considered white ?
are they denying minority enrollment or is the population predominantly white ?
articles : thank a white male
at least 180 companies already want to help trump build the wall via
at least the average liberal will tell you flat out he's trying to sell you out . #cuckservatives #rnc #shills
at trump tower.hail victory ! #onepeopleonenation
attaching labels to people and calling it fact with obvious bias is inherently skewed . your educators have failed you
attacked by antifa  vilified by media  all celebrating the death and displacement of whit
augustus invictus holds confederate memorial day rally in orlando  fl via
banking on modi  foreign investors to pour $ 60 billion into india : study
bbc news : the national socialist groups patrolling kiev ( video ) | read more : by
be dealt with less crudely  cause people don't know what about it & it's a full
black and hispanics are targeted more than their white counterparts for crime
black celebrities who belong to 5 % er anti-white race war cult via
black hispanics  white muslims - distinguishing between the concepts of race  ethnicity  and religion
black lives matter
blonde hair  blue eyes is the master race right ? nope doesn't look very blonde to me .
blue eyed boy of rss / bjp is invariably found in wrong company .
border patrol union blasts white house plan ...
both of his parents are white .
boycott & bankrupt corrupt religio . - fanatic racist #alec magnates = #blacklivesmatter
breaking : russian parliament to consider authorization for foreign combat missions
btw  spencer ... the trad nationals  etc are all examples of white dege
but everyone else is a jew . it's just you and me buddy . plot twist i'm a total jew too and you're the last white man
but they'll still hate white people  no doubt .
call for the sergeant at arms to remove obama from our beloved white house now ! america first !
can anyone tell me what jew-friendly or has done for white nationalism ? #tcot
can furries join ? i have white fur and green eyes  arf !
careful  the next thing you'll here is your a racist . some people just don't realize
cat fight ! racist trump vs . racist fair .
charlottesville : huge torchlight march & rally via
check identity evropa's website
christian people kill people everyday
cia investigated whether adolf hitler lived in colombia during 1950s #swrm via
claims one of the speakers vouched for a white ethno state
clerks write names  narendra kumar modi and narendra modi are same person ; idiots will not know .
cnn and msnbc will have a field day . thanks wallace  you shill .
comical white supremacist
coming to america and worse ! isis flag over the white house . thanks dumbocrats !
condolences to his family  he was patriot for our people
confederate statues are a symbol of white power  which has killed millions of black people over the years .
congratulation #germany #worldcupfinal
congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion  or prohibiting the free exercise thereof . #firedforfaith #atl
conservatism is dead . #altright #maga
corbyn  red ken livingston & british left support palestinian terrorists to kill israelis & jews . d chickens are home to roost
criticising this white idiot's ideology is racist . it's also deeply offensive to idiots .
cruz is so anti-establishment that the establishment is funding his campaign and rigging delegate selections for him .
cucks love to lose
cuckservatives : trump and white identity politics via
dear white house : it isn't just about the numbers ! via
do you dipshits think that the ancient greeks were white ?
do you guys have like a application i can fill out ?
do you hate white people ?
do you think germans will hang #merkel mussolini's style jared ?
does this mean white south africans aren't actually white  because they're born in pri
doesn't anglin have asian gfs too ? hmm ... all these people are pretty suspect .
dr . goebbels ' estate sues publisher for printing quotes from the propaganda ministers ' diaries #swrm
dropping out of college and joining you guys  where do i sign up ?
each and every hotel that i stay at has non-english speaking people who have been here a very very short time . how do they get jobs ?
elder  they think we are all racist . i like decent people  brown  black  yellow  red  white . i dislike bad people white or any other color
electronic hardware import from china must be immediately stopped in favor of indigenous items .
elin krantz : just another dead white liberal female via #barbarie
elin krantz : just another dead white liberal via
etan in the kkk ? i think so
every race in history has had slavery . whites are only modern ppl called evil for ancestors doing it . white guilt is over .
facepalm for liberals : 100 facts for differences between human races | read more : via
fair - we know you are a hate group . get a f-ing life besides being petty white bigots .
fair is a racist  xenophobic front . stop lying .
feel free to come to dc on 11/5 . we will be very easy to find ! #expectus
feels that peaceful activity by = intent to kill  because white supremacy . seems balanced .
for clarification  white americans are not american because they aren't ancestors to the
for the time  indian editors should do investigative stories about each other .
freedom of speech in academia & corporate america is now threatened because go
from - an update on the situation in houston & the 5 pastors standing strong #religiousfreedom
fully support our potus ! secure that border !
german beer girls : two of the best things on earth combined
get this #altright film trending #maga #2a #guns #girlswithguns #nationalism #whitegenocide
give one of example in your life of anyone hating you personally or doing anything to you because you are white .
globalists hoping you won't notice they've built china into a monstrously dangerous superpower - media certainly hasn't
go to the american renaissance youtube channel and watch jared taylors intellectual debates  speeches  interviews  discussions
goals of eradication of poverty  better quality of life  strong nation are clear . it is the method that requires genius .
got me cryin bruh
government should close down swiss banks & swiss companies in india if they don't return our money soon .
great interview  . it's a shame they don't bring you on to more media outlets .
great part about the fire kushner hashtag was the alt-right made their protest known-will not be held r
haitians themselves chose to destroy the plantation economy  divide the land  and kill off the white property owners
hate group  fronted by homophobe with white supremacist ties tony perkins  is sad about being called a hate group :( #dumpsplc
hate group president protecting anti-gay discrimination in america will ' give the world hope '
hate group promotes anti-muslim  racist and xenophobic rhetoric . #counteracthate
haters gonna hate . after all  the kkk are nothing but hate .
have no fear : if we only progress a little more in same direction  soon people will be banned ( or worse
he did not  he did not exist robert . right ?
he is post-relevancy  for sure . #tool
he knows all this stuffs.swamyji just wanna indicate to bjp rss wallah that hes doing something they wud interest in
he puts his feelings and interests before the movement and safety and posterity of its members willing to dox people for bullying him .
he says jew . we all have a job to do  no need to condemn anyone imo
he's using the white standard of income to measure the worth of the oldest living race on earth .
help thanks to and the people of indiana for supporting #religiousfreedom #rfra
here are all the pseudo crime data and propaganda reports by the white supremacists website #amrenaissance
here in the south the cops are ready to take down those that refuse to cooperate . antifa didn't know what to do lol
here's a small white pill .
here's teh latest coverage from another couple in the queue as well . #unitetheright
hillary loves the white hoods .
hitler was a jew lol
hope now  algawav wadi netas ' will go to meet pakistani ambassador to india to discuss on #kashmirfloods & ask for help :-p
how about a unite the south rally !
how am i a racist
how church leaders should respond to planned parenthood #ppsellsbabyparts
how in the world can the ssb be considered racist ? ( except perhaps because it was written by a white guy ) ?
how long have you been part of the racist white supremist movement n the united states  do u represent native americans ?
how many of those were white - & please source a gov source . unless you think white never murder in chicago ... lol
how mullahs are lording over hindus in bengal districts ! !
how to exploit the rise of the degenerate freak mafia | chateau heartiste
hp workers brace for 4000 more job cuts over the next 3 years via
hu-white people !
human race ?
hun  i grew up in 90 % white america . whites did all the agricultural jobs until hispanics came in the 80s .
hunter black pill strikes again . always creating positive energy making one want to g
hurray ... its tuesday on 10th and i will pray and keep fast of hanuman ji for bjp to win ...
i  too was one of those naive hindus who thought jesus was peaceful unlike muhammad until i read verses like these
i admire richard spencer for not being hunter wallace .
i agree  but what about white ppl  and i'm not being racist ! ! how do we support our . without being attacked as white supremacists ?
i am not even sure wall will get built . i am tired of cheerleading for trump we need to sepa
i am officially endorsing ted cruz to become the first hispanic president ! #iacaucus
i didn't vote for trump and clinton because they're both bad - and i knew he was gonna flip flop on issues ...
i don't care what trump wants . i care about whites and the most effective means .
i don't defend hate  violence by anyone  be it jew  christian  muslim etc
i don't think anglin is suggesting a purge . i disavow purges .
i enjoy your comments  this coming from a retired white guy that was told by one of his daughters he was a racist since he didn't like obama
i find this quite shocking : racist black thugs shoot white baby in the face for the fun of it
i hate racism and white supremacy  and theyve blocked me . i lean libertarian  and im pretty sure th
i just applied for identity evropa . if you care about your people and their future  i think you should too . #identityevropa
i just got news my friend is in the hospital with broken ribs from last nights uc berkeley riots ... possible liver damage .
i retweeted whose foreign policy insights led to the deaths of hundreds of thousands of people in iraq
i tagged before sharing this tweet.please also take notice of the information that i shared regarding #religiousfreedomundeniable : the survey of hostility to religion in america #religiousliberty #defendreligiousliberty via
i taught i taw antifa .
i think spencer is a good pro-white spokesman .
i think the south should be independent  but our biggest problems don't disappear at the ohio river
i wonder why racist folks don't like to be called racists ? #ferguson
i'll apply . i'm a gay black one legged former white supremacist terrorist with a dislike for pink .
i'm black
i'm just a normal guy  but man those white nationalists seem like great people . i endorse .
i'm not even white but my respects to you guys
i'm pro-white myself  but not down for creating another proposition nation like the usa
i'm white and do not want your love
i've disliked the #democrats policies since i got my first paycheck  i've hated them since they became hypocrital communists ! #maga
i've seen different stats but a white woman may not bear a white child . a disproportionate number of ww abortions are mongrels .
i've spoken enough about this with drdo and bel scientists so if you know more than them tell me
iaf will soon start #bombing zurich and geneva ; hq of all illegal money shameless swiss thieves
icymi - fair's dan stein and rj hauman discuss president trump's proposed 70 - point immigration plan . click for more :
identity defies the global marketplace by at -
if interested in knowing the real issues ; problems ; social sentiments of muslims in india ; pls see our previous surveys done for the week .
if race doesn't matter genocide doesn't matter . only white countries are targeted like this . it's #whitegenocide
if you would kill your own child  why would you care about a white stranger in some place like poland ? #altright
if you're outraged by the response the media on #blmkidnapping don't sit around . join and march for your own peoples future
im black pls luv me
immigrants like her or me  legal and illegals are entrepreneur just saying
in #1965 we attacked india and latet we defended pakistan . this proves that offense is the best defense . #defenceday
in backing a la raza judgr  the #cuckservative crowd is now rhetorically indistinguishable from the democrats .
in memoriam panzerdivison waffen-ss totenkopf t-shirt from the white resister :
interesting story here - american rapper promotes holocaust denier in new single :
internet traffic will be shaped and controlled  fast and reliable to gov approved social media
is a racist and she supports the
is a racist hate group . they have blood on their hands .
is he bringing any sexual predators this time ? ?
is indian media on the payrolls of isi ?
is just as evil .
is rubio wearing his high heels tonight ? #gopdebate
is the real radical and racist
is there black identity ?
is though . his family practices which teaches kill the christian & jew .
is your car white ?
isn't he one of those dreaded white nationalists ? ? lol .
israeli president criticized for allowing his son to race-mix with white girl | read more :
it is becoming increasingly difficult for christians to live out and share their faith on campus .
it isn't . civic nationalism is just more of the same steady decline.the holocaust is
it's clearly far majority white
it's not tech students  but rather the atlanta chapter of antifa .
it's not that they don't  it's the extremes that left wing media are willing to go to now  i mean come on ...
it's odd that he would tap his brakes at that point  if his desire was to run people over .
it's truly sad that you value employment discrimination . how un-american . #homophobia #vvs12
its true . lemme know when people vaction in a trailer park
jared kushner strikes again .
jared taylor ( ) and his american renaissance site ( ) both banned today . over under on who's next ?
jared taylor on the white man's disease : pathological altruism . #race #tpot #tcot
jason jones speaking #whywemarch #prolife #marchforlife #prolifecon
jeb ! was forgettable . no one is talking about him #gopdebate
jesus christ  if richard spencer can do this  jared taylor could level the state .
jesus is god not white people peace
jewrys move to shut down online anti-semitism via
john friend's blog : the realist report - reinhard : renegade tribune :
john friend's full q & a with j . harry jones of the san diego union-tribune | renegade tribune
join alliance defending freedom in our ongoing effort to preserve your freedom to believe  and to live out your faith in the public square .
judicial activism from supreme court on marriage . heres how to respond . via
just like saying he'd side with islam ... smh
katy faust : marriage is our future #nationalmarriageweek
keep up the good work  antifa !
keep what they have but it will benefit white america across the board . a moderate group will not save us !
keith ellison proposed something like this years ago . i live in mississippi  but yes  y'all can have the south and this port . seems fair .
kelly ward thinks mccain is no hero he cost $ getting captured.going for racist voters jumping on platform vs mccain
kerri kupec discusses planned parenthood waste and abuse on fox and friends - youtube
kinda how the avg white male in america has felt the last 25yrs
kkk would get their butts handed to em by the thugs this ain't the old days .
lawmakers demand admin deploy national guard #afire #tcot #teaparty national security
learn more about the #savemeriam rally outside of the white house to be held tomorrow morning here :
liberals have caused the greatest backfire and white supremacist are tools . i hope you and your child good health .
liberals say its the bush's fault blacks have suffered the most economically out of any demographic group under obama . they are pathetic !
listen : adf's roger kiska discusses international religious liberty with by
local market bales on christian farmers : religious freedom under attack
lol  i'm sure you'll win over lots of normies  humble oven merchant
lol genocide . people have to actually die for genocide to occur  my honky .
look white supremacists  u claim theres no racism  while pushing racist ideals .
lying to defend white supremacists ? your parents must be so proud .
make sure you don't imply they are human either  because humans are male or female .
many business owners think they have to hide their faith when really they can legally live out their #faithatwork - #faws16
marxism is from the rejectors of christ who want to subjugate all humanity with their mind control
media never let a good disast
middle class flows to alt rt bit by bit as elite's anarcho-tyranny encroaches . up 2 alt-rt 2 disrupt  d
milo is in heaven !
moly is a race realist sympathetic to white nationalism . not in same category as other two .
montgomerys white resistance to integration : alabama this excerpt on the demise of segregation in montgomery ...
more black on black murders in chicago this week but the tax evader al sharpton is worried about supposedly racist jokes against his boss .
more old white people please
mt here's a victory against the city of austin's attempt to silence pro-life centers . #stand4life
murder a baby - okay . tape someone talking about murdering a baby - 15 felonies .
murderers kill  not muslims .
name the white christians that are terrorists
namecalling like that is what got trump elected . we are the american people of all races . i'm not white  but i do see white people pushing back on the labels that racist democrats have been giving them . finally !
new republic : the rise of white identity politics via #altright
new york values : why the #cruzcrew has a point
newsweek used to have its own building in midtown manhattan  wound up being sold for $ 1 #whatjoke #fakenews
no  true premise . your supporters are white racist bigots  who actually don't believe in such things for all .
no excuse not to - neoliberal media / establishment is about to throw them under the bus .
no one called anyone racist woman at store tried to sell me a cat calendar i said i don't like cats she called me a racist think she was jk
none of which goes to abortion . #hydeamendment
normal liberal hindus run your country i . e . scientists  artists  industrialists etc .
not enough power to make a white lol
not exactly  antifa protest alt-right for being alt-right is the reality . your spin is weak .
nothing childish about jealousy  cuck .
nothing was ever done to lefts rioting in berkeley conservatives rally they call out national guard !
now i am to old to throw hooks out of move more intel
npr says southern baptists are raising the white flag on gay marriage :
ok ... tell that to all those saying he's white
okay  goad  brad says there is no such thing as white privilege and because he says so  being a white male and all
old but accurate post on the #zimmerman trial . the #media spin and facts of the case . #msm #naacp
old saying by a white racist i'm sure .
omg one rt of a person saying they bought them some white privileged at walmart nope sorry i would never be racist my falmily whom i love are not european descent go try again
on march 16/17 author weissberg advocated white separatism instead of white nationalism at meetup :
on stormfront radio w / don black & don advo #makeamericagreatagain
on whites us now !
only crazy liberals believe saying all lives matter is racist but a maniac who says he wants to kill whites is not .
or the cultural white heritage officers
other than a small group of people who have suffered massive and embarrassing losses  the party is very united . great love in the arena !
people celebrating their white heritage are automatically nazis loool
people who want peace should just start supporting rand paul & be done with it . losing a few social pro
people with a shred of decency would be phased .
phones are 1:1  not broadcast  communication requires full opt-in . social media is 1 : many  can be searched and found .
pl leave the guy alone ! he is also married  poor chap !
pl write a cheque
please don't discriminate against a white man in a suit ... we all need our voices heard ... especially white men in suits
political correctness goes crazy : sweden renames racist birds | read more via
poll : california non-whites wants ban on free speech for white nationalists #swrm #nonwhites #us via
pro-lifers strike back : fight back  american consumers against stores that support abortion w / your monies ! ! !
puma - brad is a white supremacist who is going to join the pro-cop bs and wave his white power flag in #ferguson
putin sells ? uv anti-bacterial device sales skyrocket after photo op w / russian president
quick ! ! ban that hateful racist movie  #forrestgump ! ! he was named after nathan bedford forrest . #nathanbedfordforrest ! ! founder
race hate against white people is hidden by denial & lies . it is increasing as the white haters are emboldened by media & population change .
racial equality in terms of law and morality ( ten commandments ) . misbehavior to be disciplined severely
racial scapegoating ! let me tell you about racial scapegoating ...
racism is true  normie . red is lower iq  blue is higher  purple is highest .
racist islamophobia
racists are increasing in uk : quarter of people 10 years ago  third of people today | more :
rahul gandhi is a third rate joker  idiot and the biggest fool of never allow this traitor of india in usa
ramadan dinner ? ? ? in the white house ? ! ? !
rand paul doing the worst #gopdebate
really  where is your link or your intelligence that we are getting into a syrian war hunter ? ? ?
religion and peace seldom go hand in hand .
remember your ancestors thought one southern boy could whip 10 yankees ... found out that was horribly false .
remind me what we do  or have done as an organization that is hateful  or racist  or i'll just conclude you're racist against whites .
retweeted hunter wallace ( ): hey y'all  this is where obama landed in selma . it used to be craig air ...
retweeted national socialist ( ): senile should go to syria .
retweeted political islam ( ): #us #mb agenda is star spangled shariah  cloaked in red  white & ...
robert spencer in frontpage : theodore shoebat joins the jihad  says pamela geller is worth ... via
rt : statistics show being married helps to reduce stress in men . see more health benefits to marriage :
sanctuary city mayor battles tucker : policing ' easy for white men like us ' via
santorum 2012 voters showed up for cruz in a low turnout caucus state . not really surprising
sargon and richard spencer  two of my favorite people
say it again for the white people in the back
selfish yashwant sinha on saturday tore into prime minister narendra modi and his
seriously  he should be offering a new deal for white men .
sessions to congress : daca answer ' in your hands ' via
she is a vile woman . and the face of the democrat coastal party . such intolerance . 2b expected though .
she was a racist bigot .
she was the antifa with the long lens camera
should white americans prepare for race war ? : the splc has a new article upon the hatewatch about a recent ...
sickening and the media is lapping it up ! crooked media ! !
signer wants to apologize to black lives matter and antifa members because of a facebook post he wrote over the july 8th rally
since illegal immigration costs us $ 135 billion a year & a wall would cost $ 22 billion  sounds like a good deal to voters #maga
so  you and the white nationalist movement are antichristian then ?
so  you are going to abort your own child for being an inconvenience  but you support strangers in romania because they are white ?
so ... my tattoos negate my heritage and will to protect and promote it ? sounds like exclusionary faggotry to me if that's the case .
so the man who had his head bashed in deserves no justice ? i'd wager he'd consider it pretty
so we have new scientific developments that show that these groups are now white people ?
so you're being forced from your home ? white people are being e
social justice activist found bound and stabbed to death in dc :/ /
some folks are just not big picture people - -
some people just can't get past the success factor . no deaths  no one arrested after pulling and firing
someone better start a youtube antifa makeup tutorial
sonia gandhi who stopped her cms from attending ne meet  boycotted african leaders meet will complain to president on intolerance in india !
soon with your vision the white will do it for you !
sorry bout that  guys . i hate just hate people who eat at chilis . thanks . #mutualhatred
south africa : the white refugees no one wants | read more : via
spies in the sky : us seeking to militarize africa with secret #drone bases
stalin and mao were feared but fuhrer was adored by his people . look at his charms .
suck it  bigots ! #opkkk
supreme court declines to review case of marine court-martialed over bible verse . via
take the template of how trump won  grass roots & social media & start applying that to even better can
terror threat ? british airways flight from las vegas to london diverted to montreal after a bomb scare .
thank you president trump .
thanks for sharing our petition to protect religious freedom in the military . updates can be found here :
that antifa group ...
the alt lite being led by jack poopysec will be the best thing . they will become irrelevant .
the alt right should promote fake rallies for the cntrl left to protest .
the black man confronting white supremacists on their own turf via
the connections run through nait and involve saudi funding . and as wd muhammad said  with saudi money comes saudi perspective
the evolution of white supremacy in carolina via
the flags are great and i'll get one for sure  but yeah you guys should do patches and lapel pins as well  i would spend money on those .
the genocide of white south africans ( video )
the greatest injustice in the black community is how we kill each other and blame it on the white man . this is due to brainwashing by the demokkkrats so stop blaming confederate statues  white supremacy  and the national anthem and take a look in the mirror !
the group   was founded by white nationalist john tanton #stopsanctuarycities
the jewish people have not harassed or tried to intimidate me ? ?
the media in the united states are the same people that have caused what's going on in south africa
the new french resistance : pro-marriage demonstrations erupt  via bob morrison : #marriage
the odd alignment of the deep south and northeast  mississippi and massachusetts  reflects disillusionment with #truconservatism
the ohio state slasher - - a podcast with and jared taylor
the point is to indoctrinate people into seeing their own culture and heritage as morally indefensible so they will tear it down .
the present moment : southern nationalism in the age of #trump or #clinton via
the racial murder and rape of white women in america via
the utilities in south africa are currently in a state of collapse .
the white supremacy of ingesting whole milk via
there are a billion people in africa thanks to the columbian exchange and green revolution . less than 500000 brought to usa
there are more white female basketball players than black because white women are taller and more athletic lol
there are white muslims too ! muslims is not a race !
there is actually quite a few members of antifa that have identity issues
there is not a war against white ppl . you want to justify your actions of being a racist bigot .
there it is  a white stands for their own and here comes the name calling .
there's little risk in associating with the alt lite  and yet they have very little turnout .
there's more than 1 biker group supporting at the
these are more lies by the cruz duo . heidi recommended nau.pastor also lying.he wrote secpeac & part
these people are still afraid of being called racist
they aren't going to invite you . just force them to let jared talk . richards great  but
they don't like the white working class and poor . who are these people at the national review ?
they have strategically taken out altlight people but leave us altright alone because we are not involved in this power play . american renaissance will not counter signal against jews . they like all white looking people and disgustingly praise ashkenazi iq ( which is a lie ) .
they were a bunch of kids  showing his christian humanity is not a traitorous act ! #cruzcrew
they won't need to unless antifa are complete morons .
they're not white nationalists . they're democrats .
things begin to make sense once you accept the fact that we pundits are smarter and better than the vast majority of people in our culture .
this is a pretty good meme satirizing the alt-right . well played  liberal provocateur !
this is an identity . i'm american what is blessed enough to have your heritage and my other heritage . i fight for both or nothing
this is the essence of cruz  the obama of the gop
those poor white kids .
thousands of times we cheer the white race who created all modern science
time for whites to man up and stand with that young man ! leftist lined up to stand with statue vandals  can we do less ?
to make me more powerful for the people who love my
to properly represent islam . it's foolish to say they are somehow
tom in ct joins me to discuss the psychological aspects of white guilt and anti-white propaganda :
transgender rise of anti-lgbt hate groups in trumps white house they are the ilk !
trophies :) tennessee #antifa burned a white nationalist flag found at the racist #amren conference . nice job ! !
true patriots should oppose this racist administration  it's racist policies and all of it's racist supporters . you do not represent the us .
trump announcing today a plan to address crisis . altright can amp this up . adding to cause ... ? = cultural marxism .
trump brings the righteous anger . jeb tried to interject and cavuto shut him down #gopdebate
trump for seven more years baby ! ! !
trump tweeted this false racist crime stats that he got from a neo-nazi  white supremacist propaganda website .
two-thirds of once-vast sea now stressed by exponentially increasing human activity . #toomanypeople #overpopulation
u . k . demographics : 1991 : 94.1 % white british 2011 : 79.8 % white british 2021 ( predicted ): 70 % white briti
unfortunately its flatly false that it would make racists less bigoted ; it would be reinforcing their beliefs . ( living around real-life examples of [ insert group ] is effective  however . ) really cant imagine hospitality toward guests of the stripe they refuse to live with  tbh .
university of washington . #projectsiege
ur preaching to choir . my point is lefties saunter in and act like white skin buys them something with white nats . it doesn't .
us is more anti-assad than anti-isis . gives $ 700m to anti-assad forces it wasn't assad who went berserk in paris !
us white nationalist spencer banned from 26 european nations via
very good better than western europe at the moment . low unemployed rates and economical growth . few people want to go back to communism .
very sad  and even worse there are many mayors and governors who disdain our officers  its horrifying really ? so glad i am retired .
waiting for the real count  i heard trump actually won 5 more states
we are tired of your racist ways .
we congratulate indian scientists who have sent gslv rocket into space on a shoe string budget .
we must cut off his free speech #antifa #resist
we need some polls of nebraska  south dakota and montana . it is too early to write off those states
we want less government not more .
we win when violence starts and the media then blames us for everything . imagine if we get in a gun fig
what do they have to say about antifa ?
what gov agency did they use to determine the so called ( real whites )
what happened to matthew shepard was tragic  but not a hate crime ( abc news )
what in the world ? rt : may all your christmases be white .
what race were the people who built these then ?
what was france is now as dead as germany . the rest of europe not far behind .
what's the matter with you people ? you want them to kill more of you ?
what's white corruption ? define white corruption
what's your take on anti-jihad blogger activists being banned from the uk ?
when hitlers favorite waffen-ss commando leader became an irish farmer #swrm #nazis #ireland via
when the says they're not racist ... what are you then ?
when there is literally any systemic violence against white people in north america we can talk .
when white population leaves detroit : the death of white civilisation | more : via
when you figure out who won wwii  the you will understand why modern america is as it is .
white brotherhood ?
white family look so awesome
white friday
white genocide accelerates in germany : three large german cities to tip non-white via
white genocide in the united states of america a 100 year history via
white hispanics ?
white house leaks nothing they pass disinformation to stupid republicans who repeat what they say more like a silent fart
white immigrants
white lunch ?
white man invades mosque
white people hair isn't like a wool .
white people have done more than any race to advance the causes of colored people . don't even start .
white people need to hear and listen to this man of god
white pill time : richard spencer helps to lead torchlight procession in support of white southern h via
white supremacists say i'm a kikeservative . leftists on campus say i'm a white supremacist . things are weird .
white tears
whu do antifa thugs hide their faces if they're peaceful ?
why a particular cm who does not even have a portfolio  who tweets more about movies than administration is questioning court ?
why are you evil people on twitter . you have . stay there . it's the racist ghetto ( get it ? ) .
why be against capitalism ? socialism serves its purpose so far  until the money's gone . a suggestion . the anp needs a money manger .
why do you hate america ? you are no friend of freedom or christ .
why do you hate the american people ?
why not employ mod bureaucrats permanently for jharoo job whole of south block every morning .
why should you have to say what color you are ? it shouldn't matter if you are green  purple  white black or plaid . support who you want .
why white babies ?
will is an anti-white soymale
with swastikas  as wallace wants ?
with white supremacy as your argument ?
working together to make america great again . #maga official white house photo by shealah craighead
wouldn't hurt to have a white hood handy either ...
wouldn't the worst people in america be terrorists who want to kill us ? i'm confused ...
yall trying to join my clan on call of duty ? ?
yeah pre trump circumstances . anybody that would believe that for 8 years obama did nothing except fun this country down but it is going up
yes  yes he is . i'm guessing use of ' cuck ' was the give-away  right ?
yes . i'm seeing it on all my social media ! so far i found 2 strange supporters ... trump and pence ! haha !
yesssssss ice ice babies yesssssssss ! ! !
you are retweeting a white nationalist ? how low can you go ?
you claim to be whiter than everybody  but call all white people nazis . a
you do know all that $ will never be given back b / c those undocumented workers won't draw ss ?
you don't even need to make consensus . just throw 3 bjp mla out and u all remain r same .
you dont understand aspects of socialism . follow & learn
you hate america love the south  love your side of history
you must kill those who don't submit you lie  you hijra immigrate to conquer like muhammad
you think that banner had any value ? ! lol
you're an interesting person for sure and i feel sorry that you think that way .
you're contradicting yourself guys . americans are originally cherokee . not white . the majority of white came from english settlers ...
you're doing many people a great service by shining a light on evil . #fakenews outlets refuse to report on it.even
you're not really white r u ?
you're not white .
youre also a white supremist .
yup  they look like legal good citizens .
"  "" : victory over obamacare featured on fox news watch the video > > "" "" ; """
"  "" anyone 4 trump r pee-ons russians anyways n their eye "" "" . means that ? """
"  "" dissaffected man becomes political activist . "" "" i remember being very sympathetic to ows until they sta """
"  "" evolution is racist against whites "" "" please explain how a scientific phenomenon can be racist . """
"  "" mock "" "" groping  the poor girl was asleep it was the only way he could get close to her . but that is what dems are they think that kind of thing is funny . """
"  "" races prefer to remain apart "" "" glad my parents brought me up in a completely cultural unlike my own.sample """
"  "" this too shall pass "" "" in the not distract future we'll tear down all of their pathetic monuments """
"  "" those are carter wingfields boys . those are our guns . the guns of white men who mean to be free . #altright #northwestfront #whitepill """
" 7 . a  "" make america white again "" "" sign with a swastika was graffitied on a softball dugout wall in a park in wellsville  new york . """
" academia -  "" these people are victims of white supremacy . with more affirmative action they would be en """
" and i don't  "" hate "" "" whites . i am white ! i am a historian who is seeking in inject a useful context into a moment of white nationalism . """
" as said of the blm   "" thank you blm . you have done more than 1000 videos ever could . "" "" #blmkidnapping """
" at this point  "" hate group "" "" label almost as reliable as those speakers being hawked from white van at the gas station """
" bannon stated his aim is to exploit democrats playing id politics while pushing  "" economic nationalism  "" "" """
" bans me for maintaining civil discourse while does not remove people saying  "" white race superior  down with non-whites "" "" """
" between anti-jihad activist & actual hate-groups like  "" white man are half beast devils "" "" shut down spencer . """
" black supremacist arrested for threatening to  "" kill all white people in the town "" "" va """
" cantore lost some man points this morning with his  "" caitlyn jenner "" "" comments ... """
" categorizing mixed-race people as simply  "" black "" "" undermines arguments for race realism . """
" cuckservatives : trump's comprehensive tax reform a  "" mortal threat "" "" to the gop via """
" goes racist during angry tirade ? get off the phone  "" white lady ! "" "" """
" hey . ; j . awesome research prowess . now find for us  "" white mothers with white children "" "" . explain that one  genius . """
" how sweet of them to invite a mixed-race person to a conference on  "" white interests "" "" and "" "" the desirability of maintaining white majorities "" "" """
" i didn't know you consider  "" leftist "" "" a pejorative.what word describes people who consider #aclu racist for using a picture of a white child ? """
" i don't care if it's seen as  "" instigation "" "" - if some tattooed antifa idiot is hi """
" interestingly enough  franklin wrote that only english and saxons were  "" white . "" "" the rest of europeans were "" "" swarthy "" "" and not "" "" white . "" "" """
" kkk & white citizens cncls believed  "" race mixing "" "" ( integration ) would "" "" destroy society . "" "" what they really meant """
" lol  "" what's happening to whites "" "" non white people are moving to majority white countries and white people themselves want less kids . oh my ! """
" netanyahu to iran : dont threaten us  we're not a rabbit we're a tiger . if you threaten us you endanger yourself .  "" """
" no  it isn't possible  because he came only for the  "" lost sheep of the house of israel "" ""  the white race . #tcot """
" observe the euphoria of the #trucons over mike pence backing cruz . all is forgiven for  "" fixing "" "" that religious freedom bill """
" rt  "" : shri ajay tamta wins in almora "" "" """
" rt  "" hes very comfortable being the adviser to the president and being in the no . 2 role . "" "" on : """
" rt #icymi #mustread  "" houston we have a problemand a constitution ! "" "" #4houston5 """
" rt #pakistan  "" the incidents against christians are increasing ... "" "" #isla ... """
" rt :  "" racist "" "" has lost most of its meaning w / whites . only thing we should be concerned about is not larping w / """
" rt : eu says palestinian authority lost 2.5 billion euros of aid : the world showers money on the  "" starving "" "" "" "" palest ... """
" rt al franken admits guilt after photographic evidence of his abuse surfaces.mitch :  "" let's investigate . "" "" in alabama  zero evidence  allegations 100 % rejected.mitch : "" "" moore must quit immediately or be expelled . "" "" """
" rt even ron paul opposed the border fence on the grounds that it would  "" keep us in . "" "" the libertarian party is for open borders too """
" rt national review believes white working class towns  "" deserve to die . "" "" they endorsed . remember that ohio . """
" rt national-socialism is not  and never was  a doctrine of  "" hate "" "" - we believe all races have a right to determine their own path """
" rt the american conservative union's dan schneider is calling the alt-right a  "" left-wing fascist group . "" "" that ... makes no sense """
" rt this is making buchanan's  "" culture war "" "" speech sound like a stump speech #rncincle """
" spencer is very clear on his not  "" white nationalist "" "" he ' """
" ted cruz : george w . bush carries the mantle of lincoln an  "" opportunity conservative "" "" """
" the kochs never donated to  "" racist white killers  "" "" my friend . you seem to be misinformed . """
" the only people who think you can have  "" equality for everyone "" "" are people who dont believe in anything """
" the top 5 #muslim countries in the world are not part of the so-called #immigration  "" ban "" "" . ~ brigitte gabriel #np """
" the whole  "" states ' rights "" "" issue was over the rights of the states to allow people to own other people as property . """
" there is a flurry of tweets and articles claiming to be the  "" original "" "" altright and "" "" kill all jews  yay hitler  white purity "" "" . """
" there is a massive concerted effort going on from all these commies to dox and contact companies to shut  "" racists down "" "" """
" unserious  inexperienced  will get others hurt ... so the whole charlottesville  "" organizer "" "" crowd ? """
" ya know that argument -  "" jobs americans won't do "" "" ? what kind of jobs do those cretins think children of illegals will want ? ? ? """
" you believe in voting for the  "" lesser of two evils "" "" ? how about creating a system where you don't have to support evil ? ! ? #nationalsocialism """
" you're really into this whole divided race thing . this white pride thing you have needs to realize white  "" heritage "" "" is made up . """
" your imagination is strong . perception isn't reality though . most  "" bernie bros "" "" had an inkling trump would win  ( 1 in 3 odds  and who knows maybe he can pull off long odds again ) . i've had no fewer than 6 people say merry christmas to me . nobody is taking christmas away derpina . """
#altright is creating a better society by speaking out on thorny issues.congress wants to censor alternative ideas
#enews #endtimesnews cia gets smart on white house delusion : cia gets smart on white house delusio ... via
#eternitybeach from the author of #holdbackthisdaya startling new novel of white nationalist adventure !
#germany : non-white in one generation > wake up #aus #auspol via
#livestreaming 12pm est todaymena briefingexperts speak on #is & #gjm
#obamcare hits millenials the hardest  argues . she's joining to discuss now : #dcwatchlive
#oppkkk #hoodsoff racist bastards i don't need to tell you that . you'll get what is coming to you . expect us
#tuhsd #keepplannedparenthoodoutofschools is not a religious issue  it's a legal issue . read sb1009
#zarbeazb < = this is an ethnic cleansing operation to drive away pasthuns to afghanistan . same as in 1971 against bengali muslims and baloch
' holocaust ' debate / comments / news ' world's oldest man ' a ' holocaust survivor ' / how does that work ? : ano ...
' holocaust ' debate / comments / news real estate developer  holocaust survivor joseph wilf dies : ...
' thank you for your time ' ... these people need to understand they're not at a call center anymore .
( ( ( white man ) ) ) *
* calls someone of white heritage racist against white people *
- i am serious . your thoughts are that of the media . mine are different .
. fact : more whites benefit from & depend on welfare & entitlement programs & manipulate taxcode 2enrich than blacks & latinos
. is a hate group . #marchagainstsharia is a hate rally . full stop .
. is she a christian ? or jew ?
. or we could continue to point out antifa hypocrisy and see if it eventually works .
... for a bright future for our race . allowing white nations to maintain their essence  id
1 . ) only white people can be racist is trash 2 . ) i nearly died from an infection from sepsis
1 / any degree of white advocacy  or simply * concern * about white demographics  is condem
1 billion chickens sold : alabama's massive chicken industry  immigrants and obama's plan via
2 people protecting themselves against 20 white supremacists - blame
2020 won't be a landslide  it'll be more like a tsunami . the dems won't even be relevant ... other than the snowflake votes  they'll have ! !
4th grade education narrative . how low iq racist are cured = education
: . covers the supreme court everyone is talking about .
: . editorial staff continues to support amnesty and bash attrition thru enforcement methods #immigration ht ...
: 1930s national socialist political propaganda the white aryan race - join the anp today ! ...
: black unemployment 10.7 %  more than double white unemployment 5.3 % #jobsnotamnesty
: boston is no victory for antifa . if it were in oxford  mississippi  or houston  tx  it really would be .
: british nationalists arrested simply for planning protest
: colo . cake artist weighing all options after state high court declines to take case
: compassion : a must for national socialists : #ff #p2 #ows #occupy #tcot #tlot #news #freedom #free ...
: correction : trauma appears to be on the inside aspect of hh's rear thigh . also gives credence to massive int
: defending our freedoms shouldn't mean surrendering your faith : #religiousliberty
: dems before election : i hate alabama they are all backwoods rednecks who want to kill gays and blacks they
: dude robert spencer is not a white nationalist you have the name wrong ! do your research
: i understand your sentiment about obummer's trolling  ... bbbbuuuutttttt  sooner or latter trump will get feed u
: i will tell you how i know that they are not doing their job ryt . these #antifa leave the
: join us on the morning of dec 5th for a tweetfest to support #justiceforjack as we go to the supr
: linking the cops to the rally is lame . paul ryan supports globalization and white genocide becaus
: mitt romney is all about antifa too
: netanyahu : apparently i have a higher opinion of the iranian people than their leaders
: no doubt where terrorism is coming from at the moment . any ideas how to end it ?
: our torah lifts up jewish women to the highest caliber of valour .
: robert spencer was not there . richard spencer ( white supremist ) was . yet you are an editor
: she's also a hate spewing racist  trying to project her own personal filth onto #presidenttrump
: the case for trump : serbia and the european spring via #culturalmarxism #waronwhites # a
: the immortals : protesting against the death of the white race ( video )
: the us was 87 % white in the 1950s .
: too bad he didn't kill the guy . you white supremacists are so fragile that you break like glass
: virtually every organ of the state  the university system  the media & corporate america is on their side yet they
: we must never give in to those who use fear & intimidation to silence ... #freetobelieve
: what do white liberals like eraserhead think that their assault on white christians will accomplish ? its a
: white afrikaners demands for freedom
> . 1000 years of replacement migration and cultural genocide source on that please
a good white mangregg allman  r . i . p .
a look at white nationalism in america - abc news - via
a while back  i told that trump was uncucking the south and exposing the unpopularity of conservatism here
a white guy pretending to be black . his existence is fake news .
a white org for white ppl
aap govt told people to stay away from dharna  but quietly mobilised the crowds
abortion in the us is a coin toss : heads it is white  tails it is non-white
about the recent auschwitz article from the independent . : can anyone shed light on what herr grning's motives ...
admit this looks like a kkk rally ! racial identity politics took over trump movemnt thanks to . #charlottesville
after #charlottesville  do defenders know about the frcs presidents old connections to white nationalism ?
again  prove your claim.are you vile people now claiming stalin was a jew ?
agree  it is blasphemy to call jihadi as terrorists  they are fighting 4 allah  if they are terrorists then allah is head of terrorism .
agree been a taylor fan for a long time .
agreed . two leftists that will oppose any measures to keep american citizens safe . potus has tough road fighting these types .
alive ? how the kkk lost 1/3 of their membership in 1 yr ( hint : bad marketing )
all 15 of you ? impressive  the people truly have spoken .
all i know is i shun white nationalists and anyone associated w / them . they swung the pendulum 2 far to the right
all the volcanoes are in that area  you want to genocide us white ppl ? lol
all white sheriffs
all white sheriffs ? subtle . #racist #bigotry
alliance defending freedom communications team excited and mostly awake ! #teambuilding
amazing . trump refuses to condemn white supremacy and the kkk . says he has to research them first . what a scumbag .
american heritage is a common heritage . that's the beauty of it . chill  snowflake .
americans are not even white . i think you associate race with nationality much to cut and dry
and according to your stats  white women are raped by white men 88 % of the time .
and how many people has antifa killed year to date ? ? ? now what about heroin ? which o
and i think you're wrong on that . the us-model only functioned so long so well because your identity was not in doubt : wasp in its core .
and the kkk.you ' re pretty selective abt white folk intellect ...
and the liberal white apathy is still mystifying to me .
and the reason they're practiced there is because charlottesville is under northern occupation and virg
and thinks white on white rape is fine
and you can encourage the white house by signing here : #religiousfreedom
and you're what we call a white suprmacy sympathizer .
antifa and splc doxx people ! do they not ?
antifa aren't violent  deranged pyschos and terrorists . nope !
anybody who really cares about women would never advocate abortion !
are white student unions racist ? via boys
are you anti-white ?
are you saying jews are a ethnic group ? their not huh white ! ! ! wow  mind blown
are you saying white men aren't rapists
are you so dense as to assume that only black people hit white people ? ? ?
atl naacp pres says the nfl is racist towards colin because he is #17 in the league & doesn't have a job . 70 % of nfl is black . racist  no .
atlanta ! how you make my heart sing ! how's the pecan crop this year ?
audio : anti-racist threatens white nationalist with violence on radio show
b / c he thinks tax cuts will get the economy going & that will help people eat . incomes rose 4
banning spencer ( ) & was banning truth telling about islam .
because they are on the side of the antifa .
being a little white kid in america
belgian paratroopers holding a somalian man over a fire . belgian cruelty in africa isn't something of the past .
besides  your party started the white supremacist group kkk and antifa . proves you & libs are dumbasses and the most racist group out there
beyond the hate map : how the southern poverty law center is hurting christian groups . #splcexposed
bill mitchell telling fairy stories  a cuck for all seasons . superficial thinker with no common sense or decency .
black life expectancy under slavery was above european average :
black men are not in charge of white people killing each other either . again  what's your point ?
black on white crime is the new norm in america . watch colin flaherty videos on you tube
breaking : president endorses intelligent design #notobama
breaking : russian defence minister says a joint operation will soon be carried out with the united states in aleppo
breaking : the entire us senate has been invited to the white house for a briefing wednesday on the north korea situation .
brooks bayne  right . and the other ppl sure
bruh ...
but the real truth is is that the people of alabama are not cucked . it is the main ingredient for why moore will be a senator . they rejected the gop and even rejected its talking heads .
by western men  i mean white western men . don't get that twisted . white western men + white eastern european women .
calhoun's prophecy via #altright #altsouth
calling me out ? please nothing i said was out of line white nats and white suprems are mostly interchangeble and she allowed to go on record
can the whole story be told if it does not grasp the rich culture of faith that surrounds its content ?
can you have a foreign national as your central bank
can you imagine how horrible & dysfunctional a white ethnostate would be ? israel excepted  ethnonationalism is evil
can't open them . are they videos of you not being racist ?
can't stop the tide . british ns-group national action facing uk ban as home secretary lashes out via
case registered against a rohingya refugee for carrying indian proofs aadhaar card  pan card & voter card : pahadi shareef police #hyderabad
cause they are white ?
cecile richards forgot how she lied back in 2011 about planned parenthood providing mammograms ! what a lying murdering demon !
charlottesville will help to unite and properly radicalize those still on the fence via
clintons hate black people ! ! ! rt rt rt
conflation . it's not the carols . again you continue to perpetuate this scam  this lie : if the racist is criticized  you must hate christmas or you must hate whites . you're a liar .
country music  reo speedwagon  clair de lune at #rncincle #implicit
cruz has won kim davis's rowan county by a single vote - - 318 over trump's 317 .
cruz is a slimeball .
cruz suprpacs targetng high profile pro-trump people ? is this cruz's social media strat ?
cucks have to cuck . it's their nature . they don't care to whom .
dallas shooting suspect micah johnson wanted to kill white people will spin this  blame guns
dark whites
debated this 100x  does racism exist ? of course  always has  always will . is it prevalent ? not even . the media fuels and makes it cool to be a victim which doesnt do anyone any good . whens the last time you ever saw a story bout bill and aj chillin and gettin along ? never
dems will be disappointed  but will justify & glorify his actions by blaming pres trump & all white people except white dem / politicians
dianne feinstein : raging xenophobe  egregious panderer to white supremacy  outrageous racist !
distinguish the international jew and a nationalistic jew . more people will understand or get confused ...
do they group together initially ? sure . but i think they have integrated quite well . i live in a high somali area too . kids go to 1 /
do ur jobs & protect folks agst white supremacists
do you love those angry white racist men  kelly ?
do you prefer the label white supremacist over white nationalist ?
does planned parenthood actually prevent access to birth control ?
don't upset the white kids
dr . warner knows islam .
duke's is implicitly white tbh .
ebony fleshlights delvrd diskreet pckg bt mst sign 4 it ! blessed ! #ebony #fleshlight #kkk #dirtysheets
ethnic dutch a minority in big cities  so how do they integrate ? via
european jewish congress slams polands lack of concern over anti-semitism
everyone is deserving of a guv that supports the preservation of its people .
evil people do the abortions . evil people condone all abortions .
exactly  trump is talking like an old time american would . people love it .
exactly . they don't get why he is picking him . he is boring ! trump had his hardest time with midwestern cucks . pence will g / them
except he was kicked out . left hand and right aren't in touch--same with milo invite .
fact : populist rebellion against the gop saved us from amnesty every time
fair is a racist  white supremist group.can ' t hide it boy
fair is a racist hate organization .
fake government and bogus media - renegade tribune #withjewswelose
fear of being labeled islamophobic makes police turn blind eye #tcot #pjnet
federal judge strikes down south carolina ban on gay marriage -
first step : ditch the anti white republican party ! they are not for white people and never were !
follow & meet malala of #balochistan : her father was abducted by # pakistan army more than 3 years ago . there are 1000s like
following #askhamas debacle & announced plans for a #kukluxklan segment #asktheklan . #hategroup
for policy lecture on same-sex marriage case . tune in now :
former kkk leader david duke announces us senate run via
gee  i thought tearing down #confederate monuments was going to bring a golden age of peace &
german media reports multiple deaths at #munich shopping centre following shooting
germans need not be on defensive on fuhrer . wars are won or lost  but you can't run away from history .
get btfo . plus  how stupid do you have to be to not think feds are infiltrating pro-white groups ?
get out of our america white supremacist corrupt gop paid lying shyster tinytrump shills !
good ! i hope we dont have anything to do with such an evil man
good thing taylor has organic white support
google searches for white genocide soar after tweet via #makeamericagreatagain
gop elites plot to purge trump via
gorcenski documented its intentions to cause trouble on social media leading up to this
great answer from trump #gopdebate
great being white so proud !
great book . this is a must read for everyone of faith .
great news . thank you for tweeting .
great-majority of white women
greek pm alexis tsipras quits  snap elections set for september 20
greville janner update | the occidental observer #withjewswelose
hacking is a big danger  computers are not full proof and e-payment is complete hoax even e-mails are not safe .
haryana : bjp 55-70 seats :) #savethis
he doesnt care  because it wasnt his people .
he is 1/2 white adopted by white parents.what injustice did he ever face ? looks like he benefited from the freedom that flag represents !
he is white like you - delete this is wrong  people lie about him .
he isn't white .
he was white and didnt hate himself enough
he's a shameless israel first cuck  masquerading as some sort of libertarian thought leader
he's establishment to paid to spew bs and talkin points that pit common people vs . common people  were tired of it
help alipac overcome facebook's efforts to shut our ability to fight illegal immigration down ! ...
help president trump support religious freedom : #ccot share with friends :
here comes the white nationalism .
here in the south  we know from experience how weak white identity can be in light of the 1860s and 1960s
here's an example of #plannedparenthood patient care ? 86 % of #pp patients are killed
here's the answer to professor envy abdelkade's argument about her muslim doctors !
hey kyle  did you know it's ok to be white ?
his business background . people who expected a potus with a business background to not be a cuck were morons .
hitler and the pallies do have that one common vision .
hitler was no white brother .
holocaust  which one ?
holocaust denial : the politics of perfidy : by wistrich  robert s.publisher : walter de gruyterdate : october 20 ...
hope u understand now y price of gas is high in india now
how can any of you support this evil system ? #zog #nwo #policestate #capitalism #plutocracy
how does american imagery appeal more to middle class whites than working class ones ?
how i talk to my kids about white supremacists via
how ironic a group called anonymous is robbing another group of their anonymity : ~ + #hoodsoff #kkk
how's calling you jewish antisemitic ? you bring up the fact that you're a jew every time you speak
hunter wrote about it
i am pouring thru press releases in an attempt 2 find a single statement in response 2 acts of violence against #lgbt people .
i am quoting it right from the koran  it is in black and white ?
i don't believe he's racist .. just misguided and ignorant .. touch of arrogance
i don't believe it . immigrants add t our economy .
i don't see how people getting stabbed would h
i don't think killing your own child would cause you to care about the future of someone else's child #altright
i don't want to father soldiers for chuck's endless war w / westasia . that's the only future they'll have
i got some news for you ... he hella racist
i guess in a way  but just bc the white race conquered more
i have seen hundreds that are caught pulling these hoaxes  most media won't cover them past the initial hoax .
i know plenty of whites who were ( and are ) passed over because of affirmative action .
i love being white va
i put together a timeline . it is a myth that social media purges happened as a result of charlottesville . the adl was already taking over twitter and youtube . the same is true of crowdfunding platforms
i rather deal / interact with straight-shooters ( as i am one too ) who tell / explain why & how they feel about people & issues
i sincerely hope that the next rally trump holds  people turn up just to turn their backs .
i still don't agree with you view of islam .
i sure am  and sure do  but i take it we might not be interpreting the bible the same way .
i suspect this map is more realistic about cultural divide in ok  tx but i'd sure like to include them if we were independent .
i understand the alt right is a fad among segments of the population in n.america pepe was a way to rebel against trendoids and mainstream im over forty so i probably have no business being part of alt right so i am just a racist and that suits me just fine
i would only vote for trump or cruz . trump 1 choice.no one else is significantly better than hillary & may be worse .
i'd bet everything i own that you have never once called out another group on this . you are anti-white  got called out  and are deflecting .
i'd love to take on the pakistan ' lobby ' in delhi ; immi-aunties & leftists  chew them up & spit them in the gutter .
i'll click to tell you all to pound sound . your stupid wall is useless  racist and a waste of money .
i'm black fight me .
i'm not white lol apparently y'all are raci
i'm shocked ! people not excited by the prospect of being lectured to by a pack of comically clueless drainers .
i'm still mulling over how to do this . it's easy when i already know everyone . more difficult meeting new people
i'm yeshivite jew . we get the significance . mohammed and his followers were paganists .
if antifa were the isis of america all you white supremacist wouldn't be here anymore . way more progressive people than white supremacist
if memory serves  it was fdr that destroyed the gop  and the whole south voted for him four times
if other groups want to wine about optics and waste their time  let them  the best thing you can do is stop talking about optics vs anti-optics altogether  let the little shitheads make their snide comments  at the end of the day twp is growing and has the right approach .
if the governors of texas  louisiana  kentucky and alabama weren't cucks  they'd get jeff sessions to outlaw antifa .
if the us is racist  how do we have a half white president ?
if you don't tolerate evil  then you're a racist  because evil is now a race .
if you really are white  why do you hate the idea of whites having a permanent co
if you're a free thinker and don't tow the company line for the dems as an african american you're called an uncle tom . very sad .
ignore him . he's into little white boys & his heart is broken that shaun isn't white . serious weirdo . wants dna .
imagine ( there's no white countries )
imagine haiti being a massive disaster long before that ever occured .
immigrants aren't to blame for jobs going overseas and they don't compete for the same jobs so stop lying .
in #venezuela they are distributing #books on islam
in america  a white person is 27 times more likely to be killed by a black than vica versa .
in america ~ very few media personalities journalists columnists are of real ethnic-german heritage
in an industry of smart  spergy whites & asians  it wld be remarkable if there weren't dissident rightists .
in india if u wanna do something good there will be hundreds to pull you down . elsewhere in world  there will b hundreds to push u ahead ! !
in many states  white abortions outnumber black
in the popular mind  white supremacist means that you want to dominate / kill other races . would you like
in too deep by kodak black #np on vs x x x . do what we say or u die
in wenen gesproken over religious persecution : europes role in highlighting & preventing martyrdom
in west a contract is sacrosanct ; whereas in india a contract is mostly meant to be violated : where raghukul reet was the moral ! !
india's new prime minister shree ji keen to further deepen and develop ties with #
indigenous people who were just fine until europeans showed up . also  they don't claim superiority .
is abortion wrong because they feel pain ?
is friends with all those ku klux klan guys but he says is a racist . arnold is not a real man .
is rbi taking india to sharia law ? is it for a regulator to decide ? or should legislative discuss it ?
isn't he a civil rights icon . ? ? ? and apparently he is racist . he is what's wrong with race relations in america .
isn't identity important ? don't the interests of different identity groups div
israel is too white  it needs more diversity #openbordersforisrael
it didn't take long to figure out jews were / are behind white-guilt concept that's ravaging western-societies
it is a terrorist plot  target israel or india
it's a good thing that doesn't want to gut medicare and social security like paul ryan #nrorevolt
it's of course sad that you've been brainwashed by the jewish media and the globalist propaganda  but what can we do about it .
it's ok to be white and i'm proud to be white . just like your proud to be black and it's ok to black also .
it's racist to say only one la raza is exempt from immigration laws . you're a racist . you divide by race  define by race .
it's sad that you've been pathologized towards valuing your heritage .
it's time for a #government based on decency  not depravity . #plutocracy #usury #zog #nwo
it's true . where do black people live with the highest white admixture ? in the cities .
it's unfortunate that few people are now speaking openly in favour corruption and black money : pm shri
its almost like most white identitarians dont like ypipo ...
its good diversity visas are available to make sure we have the right balance of those who hate & want to kill us living amongst us . end it
its not the standard definition of socialism that hitler used . he redefined it
its time indian secularism was declared a form of lunacy .
jailed criminals are running bihar  cm is on foreign assignment sent by
jewish groups urge congress to preserve anti-semitism monitor
jews sob over pro-hitler fb post from african national congress social media manager | more :
jim crow laws discriminated against black people and having that as your twit
join the #immigration conversation on twitter #afire
joins craig james with a followup on the #religiousliberty crisis in #houston . listen here : #4houston5
kicked from for being black
knows this and does not care . he wants whites to get in a pointless war w / iran  so they both
lack of credit in jim crow south affected poor whites in south and west . see populist party .
laura i am not a black panther lol !
le pen & putin denounce donald ' the cuck ' trump's sneak #syriastrikes . # via
let's be a white resister via
lewis is the racist
likewise . karma bites antifa .
lmao all i could take away is that the kkk hates white people too maybe they should all go home to america
lol  false causation . he was mentally ill . he didn't need facts to go kill people  just evil .
lol . the antifa warriors for corporate america are telling off the true revolutionaries .
lol bet you a large percentage of that is ( ( ( white ) ) )
lol the white liberals slipped up
long live red white and blue  white signifies purity and innocence ; red  hardiness and valor ; blue  vigilance  perseverance  and justice
looking forward to the cruz cultists at the blaze carrying out their suicide pact when president trump is sworn in .
lots of white baby daddies these days...white/state media very
love of liberty is now hating white men  and is also the exclusive province of white men ?
love these live streams  jared
ma'am you are very intelligent hopefully you should know there's a difference between someone suspecting you are a white supremacist based on people you are tweeting versus actually accusing you of being a white supremacist those are two totally different things
mam same thing happened with the indian miracle-buster stuck infinland
marxism sucks & is rampant in us ed .
maybe you can get on the show ? #unitetheright .
maybe you should rethink that statement i own quite a few i'm pretty sure every member is armed too
meet donald trumps white supremacist fan club via
milo is a coward who just scrubbed a planned speaking event in phoenix . gays for trump was big here an
misleading  since the us considers arabs and latinos as white .
mlk fbi files vindicate white nationalist critics via
more africans entered america in last decade than during 300 years of slave trade #swrm via
more coded white supremacists talk ... i actually i think you are the victim - caught up in the lies of white supremacy
most hispanics are not white  yes . but most hispanics that have immigrated to the us are white  as most of them are from mexico & cuba
most of them have pure-european phenotype ~ american euro-descent accept them as own white people
mugabe tells s.africa media : ' i don't want to see a white man ' via
muslim man threatens to kill japanese airport customs officials & dares them to kill
muslims are not being quiet about it any more they're telling people they are taking over state local and federal government
must read article for all trump voters . do not let a traitorous cuck get your vote in november !
my hot take is that as bad as milo is he will never be hated as much as much as the mainstream media
my voice reaches a much larger audience then warner . i will continue with what i do .
naacp wield very little bargaining chips or no with white people as the jews who are a caucasian people
national socialism effected the immediate practical realisation of its ideological postulates - ns puts into practice what it preaches !
national socialist party wishes pm shri a very happy #birthday  may you succeed in your endeavour to make a new india
national sports talent search schemenational sports academiessports science courses #modiwithyouth
nationalism for everyone turns people's criticism of the selfishness of nationalism in its head . makes you think .
needs white nikes .
netflix announced a new anti-white show ( dear white people ) that promotes white genocide . i cancelled my account  do the same . #nonetflix
new republic : the rise of white identity politics via
no  he is kind of alt-lite . i've never put him in the same category as cernovich  milo or paul jewsef
no  it means black south africans didn't exist until the end of apartheid
no  it's the guy preaching white supremacy .
no  what i hate is people who hold whites to a double standard which you are doing .. we're going to be us and you can do you ..
no ! mexico is going to pay for it
no ! now is the time to convince independent new world whites that 1980s sweden is the their true nature !
no .. brother your not racist .. your american .. #maga
no black in america can ever win an election against a white cause of racism ... lol
no brainer - alt right is what's next
no it wasn't . it was nearly 92 percent white  with restrictive covenants to protect white civilization
no sir  you are dysfunction in a white robe with a white pointy hood !
no way . don't get #firedforfaith - keep your bigotry on the inside . don't push that bs on subordinates . #march4marriage
no you are not ... your timeline is filled with ppl who promote anti black rhetoric and white supremacists propaganda .
non-white candidate for london mayor : there are too many white men | read more : via
norrh africans were white .
not only did franco betray the falange but also betrayed the ongoing national revolution by re-instating spanish royal family !
not sure how a private corporation not wanting white nationalists to spread hate on their platform is stupid .
notice white nationalists platforms like are allowed to keep their social media platforms
noting the people in this video are all white and have forgotten that they are all from immigrant ancestry #nativeamerican ?
notte works for the university . do they condone this behavior ?
now back to my fav activity ... antagonizing what happened to ? ? i'm gone a week and fav kkk guy quits ?
o yea ... whats the scientific name of white race then ?
obana sat in a black liberation church with a racist america hating pastor for 20 years and he is supposed to improve race relations ? huh ?
obviously no one should be shut down for having a non violent opinion . i just meant it's not anti white to say ' white supremacists r bad '
of course fuhrer was favourite with women .
omg - not guilty ? he admitted previously to the murder !
one of the most liberal & allegedly accepting states in the country  that's why . so all the guys in the pic are white so they are all white supremacists ? ?
or ... ( wait for it ) ... you've been called a racist 5 times in one day because you're a <gasp> racist ! ! do the math trumpkin . you're welcome
our great shri has arrived back home after an extremely successful visit to russia  afghanistan and pakistan .
outside that mike downs poll  there is not one sign that cruz will win indiana . polls / insider scoop etc . suggest trump at this point .
oy vey ! guess who doesn't approve of blacks and whites working together in harmony !
paris isn't a race  eggan  so what does white nationalism have to do with it ?
people compiled a lot of this info right after charlottesville . here is one example . g
pewdiepie had a great career acting like a stupid moron . that is what the globalists wanted from him .
pictures from inside one of adolf hitlers last surviving bunkers - in france #swrm #hitler via
pl . watch odessa file on youtube and say sorry to
pl rt illegal-slaughter-waste is a mockery of gandhi jayanti
pl sms or call commando surender (0965021022 5 ): quit aap to show solidarity with the army . now . pl rt .
planned parenthood butchers babies . if you support them but are just outraged over them selling the parts of murdered babies you are evil !
planned parenthood performs no function that cant be performed at a local clinic .
power is flowing out of nukes . big powers have thousands  new powers have hundreds . but india is rising now .
protest at # a & e offices in atlanta ? ? ? #duckdynasty
pt1 is there a possibility that or might offer such a service ? non - #altright wouldn't be there  so ...
punching people at protests is never acceptable ! unless i agree with the views of the person punching in which cases its totes cool
race war in south africa : white students attacked with rocks and bricks at university | more :
racial housing patterns show those who live in less diverse areas are more racist .
rashard wright is an antiwhite extremist at #wearevbschools he actively promotes black issues & white guilt . this is why
really have you heard the pope lately ? no christian or jew is taught to kill homosexuals.no law supports it .
religious freedom law struck down in mississippi
remember that time when hitler was defeated yeah that was great
renegade roundtable : thought criminals ( 9-12- 15 ) - renegade broadcasting
reporters without borders ignore persecution of revisionists : reporters without borders ranks germany on place ...
reputation is merrily what people think you are whilst character is who you really are !
respectfully how do we know ? us boarder is open & you wanted to kill americans wldnt you come across boarder ?
reza aslan is a zombie who feeds on human brains . that explains everything
ridiculous . three black men walking towards you and white people say  uh oh .
right  but without the alt-right as a banner ( sort of ) how would something as niche get recognition in the us ? big country  not like the uk .
ron paul rips ted cruz ...
rt : : harvesting baby body parts ? watch here > > #defundpp #nmpol
rt : mt : us must speak against the #persecution of #egyptchristians . find contact info for reps here :
rudolf hess
sad that white america's biggest moral stand is driving through chik-fil-a or canceling cable . #nflboycott
sanger created it to kill the unwanted & undesired which is another way of saying not white . it's eugenics .
scotus & a message to the gop / media were worth voting for trumpbut this admin is coming out pretty muc
shouldn't you be wearing black & white to match your obvious inability to think in any other terms ?
show me your infrastructure and i'll tell you when the white man left
skinhead attitude spreading across italy : the rage of italian fascist youth via
so black people and jews are the same race to you ?
so how many white / black abortions ?
so i guess it's wrong that a white boy and black boy play on the same playground ? or a legal mexican and white man to work same place
so they aren't considered white in your book ?
so what race should the baby have been ? a patriotic picture was the point why should being white be bad when no one can control being born
so you hate black people ?
so you're maintaining that santa claus is really a white man ?
so your only argument is to copy and paste wikipedia ? you havent done any objective research of your own on identity evropa ?
some of us work and have families so we cant stay glued to social media with instant responses .
some people are too stupid to have freedom  look in the mirror to find those people .
soon  the would-be murderers of jews / christians no longer will have their greatest champion in our white house
sorry mom  i was wrong about the holocaust
south #africa : ' it's politically correct to kill whites these days'white #genocide in sa . #murder #war #terrorism
south africa is probably the closes to america today . or germany . ooo also it happened in germany
spencer - you are enslaved by your own hate .
standing ovations as woman with #downsyndrome becomes first to compete in miss usa state pageant . #prolife
state govt tapping the phones of sh . dv sadananda gowda's relatives ; bjp demands siddharamiah's resignation & cbi probe ...
stop trying to put a black face on your lies and fake data ... to promote your white supremacists views .
strength through joy #natsoc #workingclass
suicide quest continues : swedish corporate boards attacked for being too white via
support now as cm of #bihar  support rjd to isolate nitish  lalu is still hindu politics like politics
sure dude . the brainwashed white people you speak of are your team .
swedish islamophobia expert who joined isis calls for attacks in sweden przez
syrian envoy lauds modi for not differentiating between good  bad terror read and share
systematic deprivation = not giving black people white peoples ' money . you just want gibs .
tears of a blasian : south korea's first black model discovers a nation's ethnic pride via
teens who remain abstinent are much healthier on many fronts than their sexually active peers .
thank you for your service  white men
thanks  would love to hear it from if he sees this . i'm not 100 % sure where he stands . don't blame him for hating gersh tho
thanks for the colorful opinions  but celts are not white by your purist northern european standards . they are darker than modern meds .
that is also about geography . the scots - my ancestors - were an extremely ba
that is sick and racist
that is what bo wants - racial division .
that last rt was for humour value only  in case of doubt . i stress that i do not support socialism  national or international flavour
that's for you bud #hoodsoff #hoodoff #opkkk
that's kind of you . i don't believe anyone ever said black people are incapable of kindness .
that's some racist stats by a racist white guy who still bitter over apartheid abolishment .
that's strange . i'm white and i help white people all the time . you really feel persecuted huh ? what's that like ?
the allied raids on hamburg during the second world war #swrm #hamburg via
the american people are not charlie brown but apparently congress is . #toosimpleforkarlrove
the annual rate of miscegenation on plantations was less than 1 percent per annum .
the anti-white job market via
the antifa disturbed your event ?
the basis of the white man's downfall is to believe his achievements are in him  and not in his god !
the blackest areas in america are former plantation belts . genetically  the most african people in america .
the case for sanskrit as national language of india via
the diff . b / n twitter & the inbred anti-miscegenationists being ... twitter already has amassed sufficient cultural diversity to effectively buffer any loss of virulent mutants from its user base  while the inbred still suffers from the founder effect  never able reconstitute !
the greater good ... like a genocide ?
the growing anti-white agenda ; obamas overt cleansing of white america ; rebel flag desecrated | american free press
the immortals : protesting against the death of the white race ( video ) via
the kkk had its heyday  but now its largely a figment of the southern poverty law centers imagination .
the left has used the charge of racism as a bludgeon to prevent whites from voting their interests.that has changed recently ( 2016 election )
the long road to the white house
the marxist ussr would pay people to pretend to be dissenter refusniks . we need to study the history of
the only disease is white supremacy  spreading like a cancer ...
the population conspiracy ; germans and jews unite first ;
the protesters blocked a major highway yesterday  delaying entry to my rally in arizona by hours  and the media blames my supporters !
the siege continues at . we will not stop . #projectsiege
the splc can always point to linder's forum to discredit white nationalism
the stormans defended #unborn babies . will you defend the stormans ? find out how you can help today ! ! #prolife
the traditionalist workers party doesnt have that rule though  many white nationalist groups have mixed race members .
the truth hurts ? french euro mp sidelined after france is a #white race remark . #racerealism #race
the twitter purge via hunter  you did it again . great essay dude ! you speak truth !
the unpersonning of a man in whom the south vested such hope is a worldwide phenomena of tendentious iconoclasm
then  why should hindus listen to muslim prayers on loud speakers for 5 times a day which is violation of article 25
then & now : video of adolf hitlers berghof offers a stunning new perspective ( watch ) read more : via
there are racist practices targeting whites in the governme
there are union monuments in dixie . poland is dismantling soviet wwii monuments . we could do the same .
there is no white supremacy movement .
there were 25000 people in the league of the south before obama's reelection . how many are in the northwest front ?
they interbred with those populations without conflict . you're just anti-white .
they should be in charge of their own people . it's the only way i can see that's fair .
they were praying he was white !
they're not fighting for us  that's for sure .
they're pushing for the removal of one in west virgina  a state that succeeded from the south .
this is a perfect example of decit .
this is civic nationalism and multicultralism in its finals stages ...
this is getting tiresome ... ignore this racist hate group . thank you senator nelson . spread the love .
this is what the left thinks of white culture . they have decided the only thing white people have in common on every continent is hating blacks
this is what we have to deal with ! whites do not have freedom . they are going to arrest us for posting innocuous material . this is america ?
this shows their true spirit ...
thunderous applause as steve scalise takes the stage at #vvs2017 just weeks after a miraculous recovery .
to awaken white racial conciousness
to chastise everyone who isn't white by using white privilege to brain wash more white people ; essentially-assholes . tear those down .
to help us reach 20k followers . help us share the truth that #ppsellsbabyparts #defundpp
top reasons to fear shariah in america . #rt #counterjihad #tcot #terrorism
totally worth adding . can cause some bloating . be extra sure you are in-taking more than enough water .
trucons lament the rise of white identitypolitics
true americans . not like those who follow this racist .
trump : i wouldn't accept cruz endorsement
trump not nominee-let hillary win and radicalize our people even more . trump is a lightweight compared to what could be coming .
twelve incredibly british phrases the rest of the world doesn't understand
two czech under attack for publishing adolf hitler's speeches ! read more : via
two other problems with online activism and conversations : - people feel the need to keep up their online personas to not seem soft in front of their fan base . - the squabbles and strategizing is done in front of one's political enemies  with them even getting to chime in !
two years ago  mammon worship like this was essentially republican dogma . thank god that trump showed up and mainstreamed nationalism .
u should thank white people for gifs
um can you guys tone it down on the racist . like for the next meet play some chief keef to get the crowd hype .
unimaginable ! ! gas cylinders given to poor for free by pl take note
university of montana ( missoula  mn ) #projectsiege
unless when white people do it it's fine
us murders concentrated in non-white counties via
us to cut funding . us to force debt repayment . endless things fed gov't can do to ca . i live here though .
vanity fair : why angry white america fell for putin via
very sad for you and my granddad . things like that should never ever happen .
very unlikely for most unless its a massive purge for everyone but them . the paranoid few on places like 4chan will still call them shills regardless of what happens  though .
via  repost of gregory hood's article on anti-white play hamilton :
via : amid jihad murders in canada  usa today says christian religious extremism is prim ... #tcot
via : brooklyn borough president plans muslim outreach after arrests of muslims plotting to ... #tcot
via : ghana : muslim leader says boko haram is not an islamic group #tcot
via temple u : students for justice in palestine members punch jewish student in face  ... #catholic
video : pastors preaching politics from pulpit | wset abc 13 virginia
video : white privilege : the new frontier of white guilt : rt :
wait there are white male democrats ?
wants to preserve the essence of israel : its people . he doesn't afford america the same right .
watch here the recap of this years identitarian summer university organized and held by
we agree on thanksgiving & eat together.also i plan to save white kids by adoption from same white parents neglecting them w / ur support
we also need to incentivize white women birthing more than 2 kids .
we are an existential threat ... to the media and to the profits of the big corporations for whom the med
we are fighting marxism in all of it's forms  white nationalism is socialism  no matter
we dont ben is the blackwe dont ben is the black
we fight for the white #workingclass - happy #laborday
we have lots of good people in atlanta though
we love the black race they are are brothers you cocksuckers we are all one race
we must secure control of media and universities if white people are to exist #14words
we stop homegrown terrorism by responding quickly when they bomb us ? #debatenight
we want 50 megaton tnt nuclear test by india on
well  being white in america is a good start  sparky lol
what % of white population ?
what european values do you stand for when you accept donations via #paypal ?
what is bengal bjp doing abt is & doing on this incident ?
what would say about bjp trying form govt with pdp which is known official sympathiser of separatists
what's rupert going to do for white people like those in his own south africa ?
when are you and your following gonna get to the white nights and cool aid  jonestown style ?
when did white supremacists sabaton liberia ?
when did white supremacy end ?
when dob registered laluji was cm of state . they were poor ?
when they have to make 15 different accounts and follow their own account its time to get rid of them
where do you get labeling someone a racist when you can't even find one racist thing they've said ?
which should be disavowed - the alt-right or twinks for trump ? so far only the alt-right has been denounced
white army blocked ?
white guy  or ( ( ( white ) ) ) guy ?
white heroes in movies #thingsimissaboutmychildhood
white lives matter ! ! !
white lives matter rally in buffalo mobbed by antifa via
white nationalist christendom .
white nationalist please
white nationalist richard spencer gets his money from louisiana cotton fieldsand the us government via
white nationalist white supremacists . white nationalists just want america to remain a majority white country .
white people !
white people kill each other more ! whites killed other whites in world 1-2
white people kill more americans than black people
white pride activists place giant sign over oregon highway overpass via
white racial violence escalates via this is sad  over 300k dead but since they are white no one cares
white self hatred is sick billboard removed in west virginia after claims of racism #swrm #whitegenocide racist ! ? its fact ! ! via
white supremacists protest against purported white genocide via
whites kill whites  like blacks kill blacks  like asians kill asians etc . we kill what we see everyday .
who are their supporters black people or white people ? who is their audience black people or white people ? do they talk to black people about black solutions or to white people about black problems ?
who are we ? #immigration #multiculturalism #biology #commonsense #reason #race
why did he first call white people n * * * a ? ? ?
why don't you support a homeland for white people ?
why so much hate on hate ? blacks hate their on race ? sad !
why so scared of people being free ?
why southern nationalism is superior to white nationalism
why would i get over white supremacy when ppl are currently promoting white supremacy ...
will never  ever have an alliance with bjp : bangladeshi mrp #myjihad islam muslims assam west bengal
wow  race is a social construct  but white people are to blame for everything ? their logic ... is ...
wow ! i don't like this congress needs to step up and protect the people they re
wow just wow  white people paying respects to another white person who was unjustly killed absolutely disgusting
wtfu white american soldiers and veterans ! :
y do u hate black people
yawn ! but white on white gun crime killing thousands doesn't ?
yeah more charlottesville yeah that's good mmhmmm . grade a thinker pal
yep  those are the people you don't find in the hardened divisions . they would be short work
yes ! meanwhile in the anti-white
yes he is racist ! !
yes please  that would be really funny #klarakowklowns #opkkk #hoodsoff
yes please ! i'd donate ! the us will never be a white ethnostate !
yes that's how the lefties and dems deflect their real crimes . that is why they don't want dt to #draintheswamp
yet claims to represent the white american people and the betterment of said people ... i beg to differ .
you are a fool . trump is a habitual liar who is destroying america . please stop buying into his lying about the media and read
you are much more interesting when you're on video crying about all the scary white people bro .
you are what is wrong with the us . for those of you at #vvs17 if you did not walk out  do not call yourself a christian ever again .
you can kill the unborn if they're not human . bring it back to : what is the unborn ? - scott klusendorf
you found the white -->
you guys realize that fair immigration is a recognized hate group run by a racist with white supremacist members . look them up .
you have nothing meaningful to say and are left supporting your non-arguments with speculation about someone's ethnic heritage . sad !
you have those posters with pro white books ?
you keep saying trump is a criminal you vener showed me one thing he committed . i showed you 75 crimes obama
you kill or beat gay people in israel or the western hemisphere your going to jail .
you realize more white people are on welfare . we only make up 12 % of the us population . thank you
you really hate your people .
you should probably vet people first .
you'd be surprised how many of the black supremacists are really white supremac
you're wasting your time with these people . they will never understand the southern way of life .
you've been to the southside of chicago bro ?
yup . anyone with an iq above 80 can figure out what happened .
zakir naik associates rizwan khan n arshid qureshi converted 800 people in islam . sir arrest zakir before radicalize / convert more .
"  "" : rt to ruin a racist white man's day "" "" """
"  "" : what the world rejected : adolf hitler's peace offers 1933-1939 via "" "" """
"  "" antifa is openly against fascist "" "" #facepalm they are the fa """
"  "" crying trump "" "" and dissect the latest hate-crime hoaxes . """
"  "" fair leaders have ties to white supremacist groups and eugenicists and have made many racist statements . "" "" via """
"  "" i'm an alt-right southern nationalist . "" "" me  too . """
"  "" little "" "" sisters ? what's with religious organizations fetishizing children ? """
"  "" posting while white "" "" """
"  "" revenue cops "" "" - the white extremist's version of blm's "" "" race soldiers "" "" . that's one thing the two extre """
"  "" there are ( ( ( satanic ) ) ) "" "" in 1 taped conversation w / nixon in the white house """
"  "" to rob the service member of the right to express this faith will do incalculable damage to the armed forces . "" "" #military """
"  "" we must immediately suspend immigration "" "" from nations with history of terror . #rncincle """
" #fail rt  "" moderate ' indonesia : 57 % of muslims against church building """
" - oh please !  "" a white anti - white "" "" ! stuff a sock in it ! """
" ... and these guys . give a  "" constitutionalist "" "" account . not a "" "" pro-white "" "" p . o . v . """
" 72 % of drug users are  "" white "" "" . they're also the majority of sellers . """
" 95 % of white ppl do not start whereas 99 % of liberals are retarded  brain fried idiots . they incite violence  destruction . white ppl don't like the  "" craziness "" "" going on . act like a human  get treated like one . we don't chimp out """
" :  "" family research council ( ) license-to-kill claim ' outrageous ' "" "" #lgbt #gay #hate """
" after 50 years of race-based legal activism aimed at whites  when we organize to resist it  they say  "" white "" "" is not a valid group definition """
" and you think jews aren't  "" white "" "" ? i don't understand . don't """
" are us muslims more accepting of gays than white evangelicals ?  "" it's a tactical play to get polygamy """
" at least you weren't on the  "" lite "" "" list  yuck . pretty sure they listed the "" "" lites "" "" just so they'll att """
" but remember the  "" white supreeeemists "" "" were terrorists . miss america contestants even said so ! """
" eric  "" my people "" "" holders vows to fight ... us """
" fresh off the plane  from our friends at aquarellist in russia  muslimgauze  "" trial mixes 1997-1998 "" "" 2xcd ... """
" he did say  "" our people "" "" in the second line . i guess that's as close as he can get to not being called a """
" how is it  "" supremacist "" "" for white people to wish to keep our own countries ? please explain . """
" i found it interesting that heimbach hardly referenced race during his speech ( he said the word  "" white "" "" one time ) . a passerby wouldn't have any idea that he was an evil racist . i'm not even sure they'd assume he was right wing . """
" i think charlottesville effectively re-branded altright as  "" gasthekikes "" "" . fair or not  """
" i think you're conflating  "" white interests "" "" with "" "" poor interests . "" "" you're not being "" "" kept down "" "" because your white - ( 1/3 ) """
" i'm sure everyone is going to tell you how  "" brave "" "" you are for letting this "" "" racist "" "" on your show . """
" im  "" they "" "" & i dont hate white people . i just happen to not hate brown people either . if that makes me a "" "" liberal "" "" i guess sign me up . """
" imho   "" white identity "" "" in the form of "" "" blood & soil "" ""  the ( white ) folk was at the source of the trump win . """
" immigration awareness courtesy of 3 old white guys and a middle-aged white woman ! the only thing  "" fair "" "" about this is skin . """
" is this the real  "" white power "" "" ? """
" it's happening . wash-times columnst says 2 cruz affairs accurate . says  "" online "" "" news org ( probably breitbart ) sitting on story """
" it's not about right or wrong & good or bad-it's about ' jesus ' saying  "" look ! "" "" if the chick is white why use ' jew ' = ' khazar ' ? """
" judiciary hearing on  "" state of religious liberty "" "" live now w / : """
" my opinions on &  "" white "" "" nationalism """
" oh  don . everything is  "" white supremacy "" "" to you . """
" oh and you said  "" antifa "" "" ... everybody drink ! ! ! lol ! ! ! """
" our  "" don't apologize for being white "" "" sign is now "" "" white suprema """
" our feel when listening to voicemail hate from a white  "" male "" "" """
" rt  "" alt-left "" "" draws a false equivalence . they're "" "" antifa "" "" who avow violence and anarchism / communism . every alt-right organ is nonviolent ... """
" rt  "" first nonviolent group refused access to the npc . "" "" sounds like a pretty shiny feather in the cap  lads . #nationalpresscensors """
" rt  "" gop convention : "" "" if u ever heard / seen a "" "" 3 reich flag burning frenzied ( ( ( screaming ) ) ) rally  here it is ! "" "" """
" rt  "" my fellow hindus  i hope that you take great pride in your religion . its one of the greatest in the world ! "" "" """
" rt  "" what [ president-elect ] donald trump is doing is absolutely accurate and right on the mark . "" "" #airforceone """
" rt : middle east expert says it is a  "" purposeful conspiracy to replace western civilization with islam . "" "" sayin """
" rt : syria : muslim cleric gleefully smashes statue of virgin mary to shouts of  "" allahu akbar "" "" """
" rt : zuckerberg said  "" je suis charlie  "" "" but now facebook blocks muhammad images """
" rt >  "" america is becoming non-white and that's a good thing "" "" > media : "" "" great ! "" "" > white people : "" "" we have a right to exist "" "" > media : "" "" are you racist "" "" """
" rt a delegate directly asks cruz whether he will vote for trump .  "" i can tell you  i'm not voting for hillary . "" "" """
" rt empowering women ?  "" democrats oppose offering women other alternatives "" "" """
" rt instead of doing the very popular maga agenda  the trump admin under the advice of people like mike pence who endorsed cruz thought going with paul ryan's  "" better way agenda "" "" of failed healthcare & corporate tax cuts was way more popular . """
" rt no report by moody of  "" growing intolerence "" "" indian media quoted a muslim analyst working for moody in his personal capacity . see last tweet """
" rt planned parenthood's own poll found just 58 % of women  "" oppose "" "" hobby lobby decision ! sbalist """
" rt season 2 of  "" it's okay to be white "" "" is here  guys """
" rt that's the #zog plan & sadly it's working well . ppl are stupefied by  "" super bowl "" "" instead of caring about important things """
" rt the #trucons couldn't protect restrooms from sen . larry craig  mark foley  dennis hastert and many of their other  "" representatives "" "" """
" rt the ultimate  "" fellow white people "" "" compilation """
" rt the word  "" nation "" "" comes "" "" nationem "" "" meaning : birth  origin ; breed  stock  kind  species ; race of people  tribe """
" rt to take seriously notion of minority  "" power "" "" is big error . white elites progs far more "" "" realist "" "" about race """
" thank god man . massive respect for you - to quote voltaire  "" it is dangerous to be right on matters in which the established authority is wrong . "" "" glad to have you on the team brother  god bless """
" the realist report : adl hyping  "" right wing extremism "" "" ahead of okc bombing anniversary """
" we're better off ditching  "" conservatism "" "" which is nothing but a albatross """
" well maybe if people who identify themselves as white didn't parade themselves around provoking people with pointless remarks like  "" it's okay to be white "" "" well yeah of course it's okay to be white but let's stop with identity politics and realize we're all human . """
" which nation is not  "" multicultural "" "" ? what is "" "" white culture "" "" ? """
" white people are terrible at unifiying . they say  "" oh well he was charged with a hate crime . it's fine ! "" "" """
" yes  the phrase  "" social construct "" "" is utterly meaningless . """
#cia plotting second wave of #islamic attacks in #europe #isis #germany #refugeeswelcome
#fergusonhey  when you get rid of the actual kkk  you can start complaining about black racists.now go get the
#germans  come to the #altright and give up the teat of the state #bewhoyouare
#home #hearth #heritage #family #community #nation #white imagine a world in which whites cared about white .
#kkk down . seems to be down ! get at us .
#littlemarco gets zero delegates in maine
#many want to become rbi governor but you pl . appoint only your most trusted man for monetary control
#onlywhitepeople have created and accomplished far far more in their history than all other races combined . #wpww #tcot
#plannedparenthood louisiana : unneeded and #unwanted . ht #prolife
#projectsiege it would seem .
' he went to jared ' and ' princess ivanka ' need to become weapon grade memes
' holocaust ' debate / comments / news nick kollerstrom interviewed by veterans today : jonas e alexis from ve ...
- america's fascist sheriffs : keeping america safe from grandmas and math students .
. even in ncr  sikhs r aligned with aap . badals in punjab r comparable 2 abdullahs in j & k . 1/2
... about black solutions or to white people about black problems ?
... and no employer should be able to force employee to violate employee's religious faith ...
1 .   and created / promoted the fake news pedo banner bs last week
100 % anti-whiteanti-racist is a code word for anti-white
1cent shipping on skinfull cd until dec . 4th all over the world
2 / where the audience was told all white people were racist . this upset the the white audience  who wer
34 % of pollees said that the euro ancestry doesn't need to be protected.almost the exact % of non whites in the us.coincidence ? i think not .
35 million immigrants in 10 years isn't enough for sen . #immigration
40 people results in a task force ? antifa cause the violence & it's peaceful when they don't show up .
7 . pedestal ! the fact that hillary could even run for president after everything we know about her shows what a low moral compass dems have ; but make no mistake about it  that will also show up in history books years from now as a huge stain on republicans who also knew yet did
: apartheid wasn't christian . there is no christian justification for it . nor did sa justi
: arizona : muslim who attempted to bomb social security building charged with previous murder
: as points out in the article  pakistan's 1st lady doesn't seem to be familiar with the quran .
: check this video out - - shot fired into home of lou dobbs of cnn ! #immigration #afire alipac.us
: chicago : muslim who tried to join islamic state told parents he had to because caliphate had been
: elite pedophilia is a well-documented fact . i don't know for sure about #pizzagate  but the emails seem to be cod
: gavin had emily youckis on his show and she got him to admit he's fine with the white race
: great motivational article frm & a solid battle plan to #unitetheright
: hate white people
: have you seen antifa today or anytime ? they beat peopl
: i heard twitter is cracking down on white supremacists . are they also cracking down on racist blacks calling for the deat
: lied ; didn't technically defeat boko haram in nigeria . #dividenigeria to contain #terrorism . :
: my fave question to ask counter protesters ( who are always majority white ) is why do they hate white peopl
: nine uk muslims  including four children  arrested by turkish cops as they try to join the islamic
: none . the more die-verse a country becomes  the less it's people care about the nation .
: opposing government coercion is true ' price of citizenship ' #elanephotography #religiousfreedom
: robert spencer in frontpage : when are islamic terrorists not islamic terrorists ?
: so you know about this guy ? the guy who is telling muslims to kill the jews ?
: the absurdity of trying to make a diverse nation of 300 million people live under the same laws gets more obvi
: the fallacy of focusing on islamic radicalization
: the south stayed locked in the past until the feds forced them to adopt modern thing
: they were kept block's away while 3 racist groups blooded the streets of charlottesville . groups
: time : the ' alt-right ' has created alt-christianity via
: ty mr lansing . i have been called everything but a white women since this senator race started
: watch this vid calling it racist bc says dreamers will replace old white men in congress
: we are thrilled to announce our very own is taking home americas ...
: white genocide accelerates in england : white british pupils will be outnumbered by 2037
: why white nationalism 1.0 failed via
: you are racist ! is there something wrong with being black ?
< tweeps said he is white ?
? ? thousands of british girls victims of planned religious sexual assault by
a few real white supremacists / white nationalists / race realists
about being pro white .
actually  i'd never be so presumptuous . i don't know how you feel  and couldn't care less .
actually the nazis were a socialist party  republican party voted against slavery & segregation at every turn . it was formed 2 abolish it
after ji is declared as president of bjp  congress is scared because it could go to single digit mp all over india in 2019 .
again i ask where's your outrage for your fellow white folk
agreed ! ! ! they're bunch of thugs  really they are ! !
agreed . we need to reach out to small town  rural white america . theyre the most disenfranchised . i
all due caveats about exit polls  but this is not looking like a revolt of the jobless . it's about identity : race  nationality  gender
all i know is you said you hated me . if that's your picture and you're a white person  you hating me is racist .
all i'll say is colonization is a white tradition .
alliance defending freedom is on the front lines challenging the obama administrations abortion pill mandate
along with white supremacists ?
also  muslims were asked not to wear skull cap  burqa during voting  so that hindus dont get polarized
also feeding his own ego in search of his quest for money and power  but his ego demands what his conscience cant provide . its vile !
alt right : a primer about the new white supremacy shut it down ! lols
am overjoyed that bjp has received unprecedented support from all sections of society . huge support from the youth is gladdening .
amen . stay strong  elder ! i'm standing with you ! !
america would be nothing without h1 - b visa ..
and it is only the anti-white venom of liberals that allows the gop to exploit whites ... if the dems were not driving whites away  then the gop would have to actually make good on their populist promises in order to get votes
and it's not just that they're almost all white .
and many millions executed  the white race lost its champion and have never recovered but there is hope
and who would i hate who am i racist again against it's obvious you have a problem with me speaking out against white supremacy because there are plenty of white people who were lying themselves with me fighting against white supremacy
angola becomes ' first country to ban islam '
angry white and proud : new documentary on english nationalism ( video ) | more :
another auschwitz guard to be tried just for being there : ...
anti white lunatic
antifa : bottom-feeders . losers / low lifes . frauds and imposters . offspring of obama / hrc / msm / dems / rinos / never trumpers . worthless human beings
antifa was there to pick a fight . they were there for blood
anything of any scale the alt-right does will be depicted as - or attempted to be turned in
apple modi . fresh from italy . #beatthis :) ) :) )
are u white ? you have no choice bro  you have to save your people
are you black or white ? and i love women by the way !
are you serious ? white people are not endangered . can't believe people like u still exist today . shame you hide behind the internet . #coward
are you sure shes ( ( ( white ) ) ) ? ? ?
are you surprised california has the nation's worst air quality ? #whatdoyouthink #wpww
are you trying to make white supremacy sound appealing ?
aryan nations becomes a registered pro-white lobbyist group in washington dc via
as a jew i'm always confused if i'm white or not . someone help ?
as a muslim myself i'm against this .
as you know  these bills are dying left and right and are under assault from big business . where have these #trucons been ?
ashkenazim aren't white people .
at tripunithura  sought support for bjp in kerala to end the convenient arrangement of udf & ldf to ruin the state .
atlanta  too . she didn't get fulton . north fulton & city of atl = big money . she got dekalb - hippies & lgbt . and athens - uga .
awww they will lie & say he's white anyway .
babar ... might be a good idea to not poke the bear little man  big words only get little people so far .
barns are the last stand of implicit white identity .
battlefield research on the eastern front : amazing metal detector finds relics of the waffen-ss #swrm
beautiful summer night to be out on the town in #boston . #identityevropa
because fighting against non-white people is not racist at all !
because i'm talking to white nationalists ... that's why .
because they're racist too .
because you don't have white guilt
beijing calls us warship's route in south china sea a ' provocation ' - new york times :
being against illegal immigration has nothing to do with race or white supremacy  moron . i'm mexican-american and support
being pro white doesn't equate to hating another race . we respect others who wish to engage in their racial identities .
being white has become something to be shamed . some white people have to brag about their small drop of
bjp should have asked for change of ro  these bjp ppl are too nave to expect neutrality from yadav clan ! !
black are way more than 13 % . that's why they resist voter id .
black shareholders now ask : why don't you appoint a local black ceo  if foreign ( non-racist ) whites can't do the job ? :-)
blacks speaking out against white supremacy don't go out of their way to harm whites ... or create pseudo science claiming to be superior - so pretty much you are promoting white supremacist propaganda trying to demonize blacks speaking out against white supremacy
blm and antifa both have the support of liberal mayors . the police were probably told to stand down .
blm canada : justin trudeau is a white supremacistterrorist
border patrol discovers 33 immigrants locked inside tractor-trailer via
brad - people who read history have a general idea what is happening and what will come .
brigitte gabriel  i love your passion for truth . i hope to see you in next presidential cabinet . god be with you !
but .. but .. the white is the master race ! ! how can this be .. ughhhh . see the irony pal ?
but imagine the intern program he could mentor
but is it ? this is what the media is reporting .
but the photo is accurate . most of the addicts are white kids from the burbs
cair claims washington times  national review  fox news are part of islamophobia network via #bancair
campaign end  modi in 2014 : 437 rallies  5827 public events  300000 kms / 25 states [ lesson in endurance  mental discipline & resource mngmnt ]
can they breath fire  fly  and have scaly skin ? sure they can light a cross on fire but that doesn't count .
carbon monoxide and treblinka : according to the official holocaust historiography  carbon monoxide ( hereafter ...
certain cops serve special interests . the kkk is one of them . death to them . your time is now .
charlottesville counterprotester who ignited spray can is charged
charlottesville has a carpetbagger mayor . you know that laws are for regulating southerners and doesn't
checking tweets monday morning ... someone mentions optics again . #liftwaffe will not tolerate this sort of behavior . shut up and lift
china and india go oil hunting in the arctic.by in :/ /
chris matthews : only whites can be racist
christ taught us to love all people  except for those who oppose immigration . those people must be ruthlessly cast out of our communal life .
christian activist group working with white nationalist steve bannon ( audio ) in bed with well-known racist
clement pulaski & i discuss american history & identity  jews  #altright & trump - check it out ! #maga
collectively plan a vision for the border that bridge us  rather than one that further divides us .
conservative groups demand #religiousfreedom for cadets @ air force academy
conservatives failed donald trumps supporters : conservatives debate whether their policies failed white america
context is all . even some of his own party are failsing to support him . kinda begs why ?
correct  sure . but the meme is effective  triggers shitlib chimpouts over an unobjectionable statement .
cray
crooked hillary is an insult to white people .
cuck state : trump democrats are trying to make the gop a white nationalist party :
cuckservatives : donald trumps hostiletakeover
daca is unconstitutional so your silliness is really mute
david duke : the racial murder and rape of white women in america via #tweetni
dem party isnt liberal
democrats are evil . there are no black ppl white ppl etc . we r all human beings created by god in his image . the dems don't believe in god
dems before election : i hate alabama they are all backwoods rednecks who want to kill gays and blacks
denmark : tight immigration laws saved the country billions of euros and fights white genocide via
did anyone hear cruz on radio today
did the media show that pic w the teal shirt ?
did you say optics ? you have summoned optics-cuck prime !
do these liberal appeasers know that there isn't a muslim race either ? you're not a racist if you're critical of islam
do u guys already have uniforms or do i have to go to party city myself
do you agree that martyrdom operations that kill nonmilitary are evil ?
do you believe everything the media tells you ?
do you condone 45  a known sexual predator  a
do you really think people are this stupid  or are you this stupid ?
do you think the #trucons in congress will raise tariffs ? i don't
do you think this is a realistic possibility ? what should we do if people
don't forget us white folk lol
dont you guys realize how bad of a person hitler was ? and didnt hitler hate americans ? considering we did go to war with him
dr . david duke to run for office | read more : via
egyptian cleric : #jews are a malignant tumor that must be eradicated 1
elie wiesel died before he confessed his lies about the holocaust  says french website tattoo
english is an ethnicity . it's a people . my nationality is american  i'm ethnically mostly german and english .
especially white men ... so unfair and unreasonable .
even if there were soros plants leading people into a trap  my point is that everyone there ca
even state sponsored anti white programs .
existence of our people and a future for white children
explains why was honored with the samuel adams #religiousfreedom award :
expose #refugeecrisis is a lie #hijira #jihad #invasion will kill #infidels #america
expulsion of white farmers has destroyed zimbabwe | read more : via
extinction of america's white population speeds up va
fact check : around the 1950s  triumphant globalists decided that america was based on a proposition  not white identity
fair immigration is a branded hate group . key members are known white supremacists . major support come from a company devoted to eugenics .
fair leaders have ties to white supremacist groups & eugenicists & have made many racist statements
for congress & seculars-gaza is much more important than hindus & amarnath yatris
for white immigration you mean .
fox sportscaster fired for his faith : send a letter to fox sports
freedoms of religion  to hold and to reject . you're on the wrong side of history . live and let live . freedom to create art or not .
george will : if trump wins the nomination  prepare for the end of the #cuckservative party
german nationalism united them
germans give hitler actor a warm welcome
germans give hitler actor a warm welcome | read more : via
get lostgo get a life .. there is no racial world war.jesus christ ...
given that the media is already using alarmist rhetoric  there will be protestors . that's how these th
goldman bankers are jeb bushs top backers for white house via
good argument about why white nationalism is stupid .
good comeback . i'll be sure to save that one for my school bullies .
good news : bill signed allowing surprise inspections of arizona abortion clinics
goodbye free speech theresa mays very jewish coup
gop''s crude thinly disguised code words and racial cues worked walah a brainwashed racist tries to debate facts
gotta love the tolerant left ! hypocritical till the end
great job  white men !
green & white flag looks a lot like the
guess they'll just have to take more monuments down .
guys what's a good intro video to white pill someone ?
had it been congi govt . i would have felt the same . id trust modi to bring out the truth .
hahahaha ! ! something similar happened during 2014 elections in india
has anyone else noticed how all the violence seems to be emanating from these black clad antifas  not from people wearing trump hats ?
hate crimes a pre-planned conspiracy to demean hindus  says ( pic : pti )
have escape location in the palestinian desert  with a massive wall & armed to the teeth with european hardware
have you heard about separation of church and state ? constitution ? no ? not surprised . you're part of the old white guy hate group .
have you seen is buddies with white supremacists
he cropped it from who are responsible for the banner .
he died of blood clot . you could blame the media for his death .
he is white  as a dna test will show
he scares me cus he looks like he's power mad and thinks money rules the world  but the people are what
heads up goys ! just heard sat . might be thunderstorms in the area by about noon . so be well prepped . #unitetheright
hello media honchos ! is malda not a part of india ? or is silence the new strategy ?
here in ohio  there is a crime called walking while white .
here's some more posters . #amren
hi guys  just scrolling through your page and it really draws the followers in . i already have my own ghost costume . #bornready
hillary clinton accepts cash from hamas-linked cair  leads 2016 list of pols getting money from islamic supremacist
hillary clinton is a major national security risk . not presidential material !
hizballah jihadis entered germany among muslim refugees
holocaust all / around : hi i just want a quick answer on another thing . since most of you on this forum and incl ...
hope yr kidding ... loved the white polo look ...
how close was it between glorifying #kimdavisor #joshduggar ? will be attending ? #lgbt #duggary
how do you assimilate 68 iq somalians . why would i want to try ?
how do you know because they're white ? blm is about equality not supremacy like this one
how do you reconcile being againgst welfare and abortion ?
how lalit modi  shashank manohar et . al . tried to fool supreme court by financing a pil via
how to spot a white supremacist on twitter via
how's the hashtag racist ? how in a sane world is white lives mattering bad ?
hunter - are you free for a brief interview ? anita wadhwani  the tennessean ( nashville's newspaper ) 615-259-8092
hunter is a girls name . no urinals in your future .
hunter real problem at doj is organizational - goes back to civil war see
i am a southerner and i love the south but this issue must be set aside for now . we have bigger problem
i apologize on behalf of all the loser  idiots out there . the hate they spew comes back to them in the form of karma . here's some love
i disagree  the question was about prejudice . it sounds more like white guilt about ' white privaledge ' to me .
i disagree with your guys views
i disavow the racist  antisemitic alt-right .
i don't think it's a question if they are right . they are frauds  for sure . it's a question of reach . amren doesn't have rebel's reach .
i guess i'm a racist too
i had a friend who did bleach . i don't want white people to ever hate themselves and tan nor blacks to bleach because of society .
i have .. and have also read the crimes that zionist bankers inflicted on germans in weimar republic ..
i have a message to kkk ... watch this guys page .. he needs to be hit
i have challenged tony perkins  and i will challenge you ! ! although tony perkins is a coward and won't respond
i haven't abandoned you dear #liftwaffe i'm just splitting and stacking firewood before the weather witch flies down . shoulders are blasted !
i hope you understand what i mean  indian weather is too good ; we don't want to live in europe  may be casually visit at times
i just watched go from alt right now to white nationalists to white supremaci
i know you didn't but this was a rejection of trumpism . what works in the south doesn't play so well in other places
i love how they openly called them anti-white supremacists .
i think the evidence that you are white is far more overwhelming .
i think you got yours from a jew hating site
i thought argentina was still 90 % white .
i voted for ron paul in 2008 and 2012  not because i am a libertarian  but because of neocon foreign policy
i was dying watching that periscope in which cernovich said the deep state might literally assassinate milo
i was so relieved when he left the white house
i wish someone would make an alt right fb ...
i'm a independent now and a winner because i'm saved by grace thru my faith in god .
i'm brown and white can i still join or is there a rule ?
i'm from the libertarian side  great read  the plank idea for all establishment & rinos
i'm gonna hold you to that one . i've been waking people up to trump's insidious nature fo
i'm racist 4 pointing out white killers living and black killers and unarmed men being killed ?
i'm standing for faith  family and freedom . join me   and at watch it live #makedclisten #istandwted
if by jew you mean white supremacist welfare programs  then ok . otherwise you're just being an anti-semite
if hitler was austrian then why did he love germany so much ? and why did germany like hitler ?
if not  roll on genocide . prob b better if we all looked the same and fishd in a more diverse gene pool innit !
if some stupid group of people break the law to do work they hate they deserve to be mistreated .
if you don't putting your money where your mouth and heart are then you don't care donate to a pro-white organization today
importing south africa  that was clever .
in which  virendra kapoor says congress ' ' jealousy ' ' of modi is showing . what better proof of that than anand sharma
incog man : is this what white guys keep fighting and dying for ? via
individuals are of inherent worth and incomparable value . but our nature is fundamentally social and cultural .
iq is also a very strong predictor of criminality . low iq people are more likely to commi
is a designated hate group notorious for attacking non-white immigrants & cath . church #feet2fire16
is a party of shameless who sell natural resources of india for private benefit  sexually exploit our women and claim to be party
is the kkk addressing the suicide problem among white middle aged men ? your perfect race is dying faster
is there a counter protest in the works for the antifa rally in houston on june 10 ?
is this one of those ( ( ( fellow white people ) ) ) moments ?
isaac la peyrre . jews ( an many muslims ) are racially white  bit aren't called white because
isi liberal behaviour me india maar kha gaya
it belongs to white people don't like it leave .
it is if it accounts for the vast majority of the internet and social media . this is why platform likes youtube  google  twitter  facebook etc ... should be regulated as public utilities . also  why is private censorship not a problem but state censorship is ? both are bad but
it just occurred to me : cuck rick wilson lives in tallahassee  and i am here
it takes a society with an iq average above 90 to build civilization .
it's already mainstream thought  white people just deserve to be treated fairly
it's just anti-white .
it's not me ... yet . countless people are being censored for political reasons though
it's represents our heritage  the past  a once great nation .
it's right to be white .
it's rough watching a guy who looks like the singer of the humpty dance lecture us about how stupid white ethnonationalists are
it's tactically and morally stupid  but makes good tv and excites brainless people .
it's times like this that i really wish white
its a fact youre a marxist . now weve come full circle . enjoy your marxism .
jack phillips ' legal argument rests on the widely acknowledged principle that freedom of speech has to include the freedom not to speak . #justiceforjack #freespeech
jagadguru shankaracharya ji of kanchi speaking & giving his blessings at ghatkopar  mumbai in presence of dr
jai shree ram .. get well soon alka ji
jared and his banker buddies going after this guy . first good thing i've heard in a while
jared is the best ! ! !
jason richwine is not white himself -
jeb ? is furiously going after the council on foreign relations vote . #gopdebate
jeff sessions will follow the congressional immigration laws constitutionally not obama's executive order memorandums
jennifer palmieri's hysterical editorial via #altright #culturalmarxism #moonbats
jewish suffering versus black and other suffering ! ! : what follows is a letter i just received with a link to a ...
jharkhand cm promises to fulfil minority community's demands
joe sobran at conference . medieval kings had less power than presidents
johnson was racist
join us in house as ken klukowski  our director of the center for religious liberty  reviews recent scotus decisions
joining now to talk govt shutdown and #obamacare battle : #standwithcruz
jules  antifa are anarchists . all the way . every bit as anarchists as ever .
just another example of the gope switching the narrative to their backup establishment candidate : cruz .
just another racist hate group . it's sad that people are still so intolerant and oppressive . the future is not yours .
just shows you what can happen when the media controls the narrative .
just to be clear im not saying that  but people who don't wanna take his advice will say that
just to clarify  onelawforall uk are jew hating marxists ?
kc . will be editing my photos when we get back  very successful evening .
keep in mind dan stein is a disgusting white nationalist . he wants no immigration . splc lists fair as a hate group .
kill cruz n rubio right away - hristos head of trump white house cabinet
left clearly has agenda to push believers out of the public square altogether . #scotus #stormans
legit  brother . they were more than prepared and ready to engage . remember how berkeley p
less than an hour ago :
letter from a reader to his congressman | the occidental observer - white identity  interests  and culture
liberals vs conservative is a white people's cilil war
life of indian pm not his private choice to be put at risk on invitation of jokers like nawaj sharief ;
live : enrolls #hr3762 & sends it to : #onhisdesk #defundpp
lol ! did you breathe today ? ? ? you're a racist
lol - ben carson needs to stop using the holocaust to score political points via
lol ... menacing white masculinity
lol i know this has probably only frustrated you more . i wonder if people can be clinic
look at all these white supremacist openly being racist like they don't even care and hide it anymore
looked like suburban white kids
looks like the south is going big for trump . bad for cruz
lord ? emperor ? the options are endless .
louisiana house passes bill to block removal of historical monuments via
maybe he won't kill our people like hillary
mein kampf signed by adolf hitler sells for $ 64850 in los angeles via
michael wade running for #va91 referring to white people crackers to #blm757 #audacious
milo is the leader of the alt right pedo movement .
milo yiannopoulos always said he was not alt right . he was right .
mission 2024 : national socialist party must form government to carry forward the agenda of nationalism after
more census bureau propaganda = = = > no white displacement
more fake news
more fake news coward . i love my home and all of its people . i '
moscow railway stations evacuated after bomb threat ria #news
most germans approve of border controls amid refugee crisis poll
most hispanics coming to the us are white . the demographics are not changing racially  but rather ethnically
most of those #trucons are loyal opposition for the dems . trump won't have much real power without a crisis to exploit .
most people want and need leaders . you are not  for better and worst  like everyone else .
mou is a step taking forward the initiative launched by govt of india to curb the menace of shell companies  money laundering & black money .
mt : for anyone interested in more than what miley cyrus does  i recommend for great news about what happens in dc .
must be trump's fault #trucons
national media ignores suspected racially motivated serial killer #blmserialkiller via
new black panther leader says he's gonna hunt down and kill white people | read more : via
nice to see proper vertical flag displays . identity evropa definitely knows what is and isn't american .
nitish is complicated crook  lalu is simple at heart though may sound hostile in voice bihar cm for
no  that's you . you want to reintroduce segregation . racist .
no  uk has a very successful culture . for whatever reason the people seem to be rejecting it in favor o
no - it's way better to be white !
no it didn't . nationalism was a response to the french revolution  napoleon's continental conquests  and industrialization . ...
non-white hate crime mob violence comes to finland ( video ) va
nope  they sure are not . but see  they aren't racist . if you death threat trump  white or b
normie dems will see just another f'ing white male .
north korea is a democracy are u people that stupid
norway : threat of jihad :
not  of course  directed at you  . help keep our sanctuary cities safe for * everyone * .
not all of em  just non-whites who came to white countries for a better life & then advocate the destruction of our race are our enemies .
not on  persecution by evangelicals on us . vicious bible belt christians created the kkk  curse on civilization
not wanting your people and culture erased is a slightly different grievance than not liki
now talking #nifla ; #california has passed a law forcing #prolife pregnancy centers to provide #abortion referrals
ny times on the way out  good riddance : there is a god . the heretofore driver of public opinion is losing it's ...
of any identity  not just white .
of course not . people believe what they want . facts are irrelevant to most people .
oh sorry ... you hate everyone but lilly white . i
oh yeah  like i want to be a muslim rt leading islamic seminary : divorce over cellphone is valid  .
oh you mean like the white people that like to shoot upschools and churches ? you're dismissed .
once again a democrat-socialist rushing to defend their deranged  mass murdering  anti-semitic  islamic supremacist friends .
one surprise - ted cruz has worst favorability in sc at 42/48 . bush also under water at 41/43 :
one time out of 100 .
only white
our much-awaited map of hate crime hoaxes is here . we've mapped over 100 hoaxes that occurred since june 2015 . summaries of each case can be viewed on the map  while a detailed spreadsheet view allows for deeper dives .
over the rainbow : alabama in recent years  the league of the south has shed the albatross of its fair weather ...
people are at the mercy cosmooolitan corporate elites . this is not just a white issue but
people in america had the mistaken feeling that they were free for over 100 years .
perhaps #milo will find a new calling in life when his #altright jig is up .
personal anecdote : 1 person attempted to disown me  5 people asked me to tell them more .
petition against amnesty is really gaining steam tonight due to the push for amnesty in congress !
pewdiepie : its because imwhite
phil anselmo is a white supremacist
pl ban bastards like khameini
plant the seed of anti-identitarianism among whites * fixed
plus immigrants can be white too ... he's referring to heirs of american elites who just party all day and contribute nothing not white ppl
podcast : basketball players with sticky hands  law professors dishing out white guilt  and the rise in ( anti-white ) hate crimes . the hottest takes with henry wolff and .
police too have max hindus . they too are god fearing . must know how it turned ugly
praises indiana for passage of #rfra . #religiousfreedom
pre war america was 90 % white .
problem with same-sex marriage via
protect the unborn . another promise kept ... potus 45 . pls consider following
q : what is the greatest danger to white culture ? a : apathy among white people . #unpopulartruth
quran ordered to set slaves free 1400 yrs ago 2:177 . ibn ishaq was a jew
race is real . race matters . race is the foundation of identity . #altrightmeans
redefines the definition of marriage & family by endorsing w / his three marriages and families . shame on
registration for our 2017 conference is now open  and slots are sure to go fast . register now to secure a spot .
remember  these antifa are kids who have been led astray . their kids !
remember : democrats believe felons should be allowed to vote . #blmkidnapping
republicans force #immigrants to work as slaves under the threat of deportation . #immigration
republicans to vote on condemning white supremacists via
retweeted robert spencer ( ): muslim cleric calls for genocide of jews and atheists ...
right . whites allowed us to take over all their important institutions  and whine about it .
rjd-ljp-congress alliance final in bihar  talks now only about seat sharing : ram vilas paswan .
roe v . wade at forty : cause for grief and hope alliance defending freedom blog
rt : ny health boss resigning after agency failed to inspect abortion clinics
rt : supreme court strikes down doma
rt : what #marriage most needs
rubbish . he will win by making jobs for poor whites and use mandate to make america great
russian fighter jets smash isis oil tankers after spotting 12000 head for turkish border
saudi and iranian involvement in 9/11 #islam #jihad #nyc #september11 #neverforget #wtc #groundzero
screw you guys . you are just stooges of the #msm .
see how far race relations have come  now even black folks can be white supremacists . what a country .
self-destruction ? quite thr opposite . we're gaining allies and increasing our cultural and political influence . we're the future .
sessions didn't appoint the special council but rosenstein did . media ( and trump ) automatically get tha
shaming all of white america for voting their interests not only makes you look like a bigot  but forces us to collectivize ..
sharia is islamic law ... for muslims and dhimmies . stop lying .
she has always been a racist pig
she recently said old white southerners need to die off before racism goes away
she should not have been there in the first place . germanic women do not belong in street brawls against their own people .
sick : listen to singapore pm tout america becoming less white ( from mass immigration ) while standing next to obama
site for national holocaust monument unveiled : continue to educate future generations about the unique horror ...
smoke screen . he's doing the jack hunter thing to atone for being sensible in the past .
so are you saying melanin makes people violent ?
so is math  and white people procreating . also i heard giving your white child your inheritance is racist too !
so the goes by a new name and it's  so whiter is the new white ?
so who harms the climate more ?
so your position is rich white people are working against the interests of rich white people ? crazy how they keep getting richer ...
sorry liberal professor you got it wrong . planned parenthood is just as dangerous as isis and in fact they've killed more people than isis !
sorry to hear this but our uk universities have adopted monoculture as well .
sorry you hate gay people so much . we love just like you .
southereners are a distinct american ethnicity  which is white . therefore the south would be an ethnostate
speaking now about no taxpayer funding of abortion at #prolifecon .
srk was strip searched in usa because of the increase intolerance in india .
stony brook community college  ny . #projectsiege
stop scapegoating immigrants when white people are running the place .
study : racial gaps in sat math scores are as large as ever via
supreme court will render a decision june 2018  i ask why ? if a jury took that long to
sure if violence wasn't initiated violence wouldn't have happened  kind of o
sure it is . what test / edition ? you have ten seconds to respond .
swedish islamophobia expert who joined isis calls for attacks in sweden #swrm #sweden #isis via
texas a & m jews cheer their rabbi for standing up to white nationalist via
thankfully  donald ain't inspiring no jihad . just hypocrisy
thanks brother i appreciate it heil und seig
thanks for the info . don't ever think that people like you two don't make a diff . you do !
that is literally what antifa are .
the #gosnell case was about abortion via
the #muslims are coming the muslims are coming but #canadas top domestic terror threat  not muslims
the alt-right and bigotry : who are the real bigots ?
the antebellum south and confederacy disarmed black people
the disagreements over abortion should drive us towards dialogue & truth . by
the great white hope
the holocaust . people were ashamed to be pro white and many still are .
the jewish question is central to the alt right's existence  and the future of our people .
the left looks at this and sees racism  sexism  misogyny  patriarchy  white supremacy  white innocence  xenophobia  homophobia  islamophobia
the level of evil and plots hatched against white nationalists and similar people should inform us of t
the media really did a sick number on y'all . it proved to me that the last 70-80 years of what we thoug
the neo-nazi talk is absurd and it makes you sound like the left . the alt-right had been beyond trump  the alt-light no so much .
the next few days are critical . let's hope the gop has the finishing power to prove the president right .
the only optics that is needed is articulate  well spoken  well dressed individuals . especially during interviews .
the only thing linder has ever accomplished is inspiring glenn miller to kill a 14 year old white kid
the people who can go public have some mysterious trust funds or sponsors . jewish wives  most of them .
the principles of justice must be universal and not apply only to white people . here he b
the psych of mental state of the people who form the places there that you don't see on the surface ?
the purpose of daca is to protect eligible immigrant youth who came to the united states when they were children from deportation . time to
the short #history of labor day : #news #education
the summit of all fears for left : succeeding where others have #maga
the truth about church attacks in india
the waffen ss had volunteers from every european country . don't buy lies from the same ones who lie about us .
the white supremacists who attacked charlottesville are coming back with a vengeance
the word aryan is a sanskrit term  like the swastika . showing your flawed system of beliefs as really ignorant white people .
the work  and the boulders #liftwaffe #powerdivision #pumpdivision ( but just for today ) hail victory !
their charity is part of islamic doctrine and proves nothing . what about the answer to the pic ?
then that means you're racist .
then theyll unite against non party affiliated independents who will be we the people local reps making honest decisions 2 help communities
there are many famous historical white refugees
there are plenty resources on the internet that aren't supposed white identitarian weightlifting groups .. yet here we find ourselves
there's a lot of hate on this feed . would jesus revel in all this hate or rebuke it ? 15 yrs of gay marriage here . no fines .
there's not enough black in the union jack  there's too much white in the stars and stripes
they call me a white supremacists ... i'm a brown jew .
they constantly squeal bout charlottesville ... charlottesville was a good thing  we learn
they do it to scare off people . i've heard that line since 1968 . john birch society was good at doing that .
they have freedom to believe whatever & worship however they choose  but that is not a defense for criminal entry into the usa
they state that he violates american values which are jewish values . they can't stop lyin ' !
they're always in search of the great white defendant .
they're white .
this ficking loser thinks white people are discriminated against .
this gentleman sounds like me . only difference i white female . we all bleed same red blood . patriots bleed red white & blue hate the view !
this incident involved people from missouri  so what taboo is hunter talking about ? what doe
this is a comprehensive interactive map of every hate-crime hoax for the past 2-1 / 2 years .
this is a must-see exchange between jared taylor ( a great advocate for white people ) and a muslim woman who wants to see white dispossession
this is becoming less & less true . as our reach grows  we have less need for the rebels & sargons ( milo is already irrelevant tbh ) .
this is bs  if trump caves on immigration  he'll be impeached before the ink is dry on the bill he signs  and he knows it
this is encouraging . shows that the media doesn't have its sway on the public as it once did . more proo
this isn't exclusive to southerners or white people . there are annoying folks of all backgr
this joke would be a lot funnier if the person you were making fun of was less cool than yo
to hate whites for being white is okay . or tell them they aren't white . only group you can do this to .
to their massive detriment
today : more than 15.000 patriots gathered in dresden germany to protest the mass invasion of their homeland !
tomorrow : #istandwithpfl rally for religious freedom . - - washington  dc - - thursday  may 8  2014
tomorrow we discuss challenges to religious expression in the military . join us at noon :
too busy with fake news .
transcript / audio of this am intv w / : strong pledge on conscience rights
tres revolutionary  doing the establishment's censorship free of charge ! #altright #maga
truconservatives exploit issues like sjws to stir up anger  elect republicans  and pass their financial agenda . it's a scam  people
true insanity : man saves rabbit from #californiawildfires and people complain it shows what is ' wrong with whiteness '
trump courts conservatives with solid judges :
trump has pushed the overton window far to the right on syrian refugees and muslim immigration . #gopdebate
trump netted more delegates over cruz in the marinas islands ( 9 ) than cruz netted over trump in alaska  oklahoma  and maine combined ( 6 ) .
trump normalized white supremasy and islamophobia .
trump to protect little sisters of the poor in religious liberty move #letthemserve
trying to start a web war please try us revolutionarys fight for democracy an free race you guys are the cowards since you linch
turns out from my research . the founding fathers were white nationalists . white nationalists just want to preserve a white majority . they have no problem with a mix of people in america . i did an interview yesterday with a white nationalists  opened my eyes .
two more explosions near qatif mosque ...
uk home office trying to censor report accusing government of allowing muslim-only zones
uk trying to protect its own jihadists from russian airstrikes in iraq ? #russiavsisil #raf
unbelievable : a texas grand jury has indicted for investigating and its inhuman baby parts trafficking practices .
uniting the white : the white wing is getting its act together via l . p .
unwelcoming #chinesepresident #xijinping at the white house
up next  joins to wrap the #theyfeelpain debate : #hr1797
very good coverage on the milo controversy .
via : failed analysis offered as remedy to failed ad #tcot
victory : ms religious freedom law signed today .
vote trump and stop this misuse of american taxpayers ' money .
warning for hindus ... jaago hindus jaago hindus demographic stats on a decline
was just in poland  and it's about as close to the ethnostate as you can get . i think i could could cou
was the greatest & wisestmodern hero of white race ?
we all need to start standing up for ourselves . mr taylor has been doing his part for decades . time for everyone else to step it up !
we are not western  we are white . our race is our nation  our tribe has many flags but we are white and we are white first and foremost .
we live in a world where and are more comfortable with sexual assault than arnold schwarzenegger .
we white men ended slavery in the west and created america
we're coming to a time when people will remember god's solution to all our problems is to nip it in the bud . now we fight trillionaires .
we've got everybody at my church from white  black  hispanic and asian . everybody loves everybody . wow  huh ?
welcome back . i knew jack had got a bunch of people
well  antifa just got themselves a cheap and easy victory . unfortunately for them  it wasn't in dixie .
well its simple . anti racist is code 4 anti white
what  for exercising their personal right to express their faith ? #ccot #tcot
what an oddly worded retort . oh has a response for your weak  low energy brand of conservatism up . rebut it if you can .
what can i say ? people just don't like racist dirtbags .
what i've come to believe recently  is that it isn't so much religious beliefs themselves ( silly as i may find them ) that are problematic
what it surprises me is that you keep fueling crazy white people to go and kill people thanks to your rhetoric .
what stephen bannon wants to do in trumps white house
what's a shame is because of people like this i have to explain to my white kids that their not evil because their white . i have teenagers .
what's the white percentage vs black ?
whataboutisms don't change the fact that is a racist
whatever bernie's real philosophy is  he honed his political message in a white state like vermont ;
when people make it their life mission to erase our identity  we shouldn't r
when ted cruz quits the race and the field begins to clear  i will get most of his votes - no problem !
where will captured militants be held as terror fight grows ? ?
whether they admit to hating jews or not doesn't matter . they are trying to recruit white nationalists using a jew .
white afrikaners demands for freedom | read more : via
white children are magical !
white christian america and
white genocide !
white genocide in the united states of america a 100 year history | rea via
white genocide intellectual framework + applause
white house worried about syria border  but not us .
white identity and national socialism are two different things .
white meal
white nationalists rallied in tennessee via
white people have no eyebrows though
white south african author and academic daan wybenga tortured to death by black racist murders va
white supremacists are a hate group and so is antifa . both must be dismantled .
white supremacists like our favorite based stickman
white supremacy is systemic . the system in place was built
whites are 42 % of richmond's population  but only 30 % of the committee . #racist
who died and made you king of quincy ? how come you could care less about those kids getting brutally attacked ? why put politics above crime ?
who is causing all the violence in columbus  ga ? the black community
why aren't u talking about white on white crime in republican controlled cities ?  and what does crime have to do with protests against hate ?
why because he's white ? mike you support the
why dawn changed her pic to #defundpp : most can't imagine losing a child ; many know the reality of loss all too well
why did you stop in ms in 67 but not black gangs in 2015 ? ? ? #justiceforjessica
why is caring about white lives matter racist ?
widely recognized as a classified hate group for its long-term ties to white supremacists #noamnesty
will the white house move to sanction #israel ? joins #dcwatchlive to discuss :
will we as a society incline toward accommodation of religious views  or intolerance & suppression ? #obergefell
wish bjp or goi could use dr . shyamaprasad's birthday for raising awareness on abolition of article 370 & bringing in uniform civil code
woman refuses 2 remove full face veil in munich court ; says #islam more important than #german law
women in iran are recording men who are harassing them on the street . women in iran are being attacked for not wearing the #hijab
world order - hristos advser to white separatists usa
wow racist much ? why do you think ? they also said aa iq was low ... your point ? they were racist then we have evolved wow you lil bright bulb you
wtf ? racist much ? what are all you white people so afraid of ? did you know that there's more of us than there are of you ? hahaha
wwii europe / atlantic theater revisionist forum hitler could have won the war : if he only wanted to : ther ...
y'all say the tea party is racist which is another lie !
yea im sure that will go over well with the safe space cucks
yeah ! who cares what the people think ! let's just have a psycho dictator tell us what to think !
yeah . women are people  believe it or not . if they punch  they get punched back . unless you think they're unequal to men somehow ... ?
yes   we must stand against white supremacy & racist violence  but is a biased  discredited org .
yes  but it's not his problem - its the problem for the people who are instiga
yes - - intolerant of white supremacy . as every decent human being should be .
yes and hillary to cover her for losing the election
yosemite struggles to find an answer to traffic woes . #immigration
you are not racist you just call it how you see it .. don't let anyone silence you
you are right sir it was kerala embassy and not house so international laws are applied
you don't believe in white supremacy brother ?
you ever see what #brighamyoung has to say about race ? talk about the most virulent racist in history !
you get disgusted when people go out of their race for love and consider it a genocide when they don't make a white baby ... pt . 1
you mean the obvious fact that society is becoming aggressive towards whites ?
you mean white supremacists ? got it .
you racist  you .
you'd have to ask ibish . me  i fight for human rights & equality for all . he is the jew-hating hatemonger .
you're making me look for a short rope hunter ! !
you're probably white  so you are too . how much are you being payed to schill ?
you've lumped everyone into romney-ites instead of seeing most alt right not at charlottesville were who you're disparaging .
your anti white flip out isn't going to help your cause . #mondaymotivation
your in good company  been carson is also a white supremacist
your response is just emotional vomit . you'll lose on any substantive argument . taylor will not be stumped .
your the true phycopath's wearing white blankets and burning crosses
"  "" : californias hispanic population to outnumber whites by end of 2013 ! read more : "" "" ; """
"  "" but white is not an identity  it's a worldview ... it doesn't """
"  "" make america great again "" "" = continue daca  double refugee intake  ignore antifa attacks on base  escalate middle east wars .. """
"  "" national-socialism is race-based  which means that we look at every issue with the thought is it good or harmful to the white race ? "" "" """
"  "" trump is right : america needs a merit-based immigration policy "" "" via """
"  "" white people "" "" . . . the only people that count ? """
" . most of the  "" alt right is doomed ! "" "" talk is barely disguised jealousy  cattiness  and fear . """
" : berlin is the  "" new jerusalem "" "" : more and more israeli jews moving to germany """
" and then one of your people drove a car into a crowd of people . eff off with your  "" ambushing "" "" talk  white supremacists are the problem here . """
" another  "" virtuous "" "" anti-white exposed . """
" another day  another diversion tactic : 256 mass-murders in only 243 days . murderers nearly all  "" white "" "" . """
" as it stands only is truly standing up for daniel shaver's lost life . where are all the self-appointed  "" protectors of the white race ? "" "" ? ? ? #alllivesmatter ? ? .. hmm maybe they arent about protecting anyone just hate ? ? """
" because djt never was a  "" populist nationalist "" "" ; he simply said over & over what populists & nationalist """
" complex for 140  "" europe "" "" is a place "" "" european "" "" is a race ( you may prefer "" "" ethnicity "" "" ) "" "" european "" "" is white """
" do you apply this standard to people who mock white people for  "" supremacy "" "" or "" "" racism "" "" ? """
" doctored allied interrogation material : holohoax promoters will certainly dislike this ... from  "" aspects of th ... """
" even being fed a lie based on  "" antifa panic "" "" by to get people to come  people like my friend still cape for him . """
" has american media gone from the  "" ambush "" "" and "" "" gotcha "" "" interview to the "" "" set up "" "" or "" "" sucker punch "" "" interview ? """
" have you seen kessler's song  "" white devils "" "" ? """
" here's an archive of you saying  "" white "" "" . you disgusting racist hypocrite . """
" i  "" m sure the more you human "" "" white supremacists "" "" vermin boycott mineapolis  the happier they are . """
" i see your tl . you call  "" racist "" "" to all people which oppose to islam . """
" it's a public college . you people use pejoratives because you have no argument.what you deem  "" hate "" "" is really just anti-white rhetoric . """
" keep hitting them with the doublestandards they are held to .  "" nationalism for them but not for us . "" "" """
" lack of concern among white people to do what ? i'll tell you  "" what "" "" and that's practice the iniquity of white supremacy ( white culture ) . """
" nation of islam leader farrakhan told 1500 in miami  "" we should kill those who kill us . "" "" ? """
" new anp report coming later today !  "" comrades  the reason evil gets away with what it does is simple  so few care to stand up and oppose it . "" "" """
" no   "" the wall "" "" is an idiotic  simple-minded huge money waste of an idea . """
" no it pretty explicitly says  "" white people of good character "" "" """
" normally i agree that a movement mostly stuck on the internet is a recipe for disaster . but this isn't a case of that . this is a case of the  "" leaders "" "" of the alt-right showing everyone just how pathetic the leadership cadre really is . """
" oh i see  so your question was who made the nation and the answer according to your tiny mind is  "" whites ! "" "" okay . that's very neanderthal of you to scope it that way but if it makes you feel good  go ahead  shout it from the roof . """
" read eric hobsbawm's  "" nations and nationalism since 1780 : programme  myth  reality "" "" for the three-step process to european nationalism . """
" rt  "" : russian nationalists plan annual march for nov 4 . : 30000- 50000 expected va "" "" """
" rt  "" : video : white southern nationalists demonstrate in tallahassee  florida via "" "" """
" rt  "" it's me today  but it will be you tomorrow . you cannot sit this one out . "" "" barronelle stutzman #erlc2014 #religiousliberty """
" rt  "" let's dispense with the notion that ba - * zzzzt * obama doesn't know what error  error . "" "" #gopdebate """
" rt  "" the human being maintains the fruitfulness of the earth in the sweat of his brow . "" "" if you have the dirt  grow food . #family #farm #health """
" rt  "" trump is a racist and so are all his supporters "" "" racing to the white house with record numbers of deplorables ! """
" rt . ugh .  "" disaffected republicans "" "" is a strangeand frankly problematicway to say inbred white trash ku klux klan hatemongers . """
" rt 8/ milo was using breitbart to promote  "" twinks for trump "" "" """
" rt : a cuck begs for mercy | banishing the world  "" cuckservative "" "" won't save him . """
" rt : canada :  "" muslims are going through that situation right now that the jews faced before the holocaust "" "" : remember ... ht ... """
" rt : domestic terrorist who hoped to  "" kill as many as possible "" "" says he targeted group because splc listed it as a ... """
" rt : egypt :  "" hundreds of islamists "" "" hurl stones and shoes at elbaradei as he attempts to vote in referendum : th ...  ... """
" rt are you more afraid of someone calling you a  "" racist "" "" than losing your liberty ? really ? #wednesdaywisdom #pmqs """
" rt breaking news : senate affirms  "" nuclear option "" "" on gorsuch supreme court nomination . """
" rt collaboration on manufacturing  renewable energy  health  counterterrorism and  "" clean india "" "" sanitation campaign """
" rt having a camera doesn't make you a journalist . most antifa have camera for inlet gathering . she also said on fb she was there for  "" scalps "" "" """
" rt here is a link to buy your own  "" it's okay to be white "" "" shirt . lowest price available = zero profits will be made . """
" rt indonesia : thousands at  "" anti-shia alliance "" "" event call for ... #islam #islamophobia #tcot """
" rt media  academia  etc . have spent decades loading the  "" racist "" "" slur so #cnnblackmail would be possible . now they wield doxing as a weapon . """
" rt people under every regime have  "" freedom to believe  "" "" . what sets us apart is the #firstamendment-protected free exercise of beliefs . """
" rt reinhard wolff of claims the  "" zio-globalists "" "" want to destroy the white race """
" rt review of  "" clockwork orange france "" "" - - a french bestseller detailing the perils of third world immigration . #tcot """
" rt the triumph of mtv's  "" white people "" "" via """
" rt you mean like how violates the rights of anyone that isn't white ? is this what you mean by  "" white oppression "" "" ? """
" same with the overt censorship from twitter and youtube that targets alt-right specifically . people become intrigued by a  "" forbidden "" "" idea . """
" show me that quote where jesus said the love between lgbt couples was  "" low morals "" "" """
" that was from the  "" white helmets mannequin challenge "" "" video """
" that would included black-white  latino-white  native american-white  "" supremacist "" "" etc etc ... dems agreement is loosing it reaction  we r winning """
" that's my question why and how can facts be racist ? as soon as any of these discussions turns factual and logical racism is screamed every time . if you're fat  what good does it do for your doctor to say ' nah  you're good keep on doin watch doin  "" . it's painful  but truth """
" the  "" white genocide "" "" trope asserts the existence of a plot  ( usually said to be orchestrated by jews and / or george soros ) to carry out a demographic cleansing of white americans by slowly killing them off and through their interbreeding with non-white ethnic groups . """
" the post never referenced white supremacy . a . and b . what is it you're referring to that has been  "" debunked "" "" the institutions themselves 1 / """
" there were more nationalists in pikeville than  "" torch antifa "" "" entire nat'l members list . they try to pa """
" those  "" evil  racist white cops "" "" in mo #ferguson """
" to end  "" discrimination  "" "" aceh to impose sharia on non-muslims as well as muslims """
" unfortunately  as i said before   "" racist "" "" isn't a protected class . you won't be denied for being white  """
" whaddaya mean  "" we "" "" white man ? """
" what do you mean  "" your kind "" "" ? if you are white  they will take you . """
" which  "" violent actions & rhetoric "" "" from james white are you referring to ? ? """
" wow . she took  "" fellow white people "" "" to a whole new level ! """
" you are attempting to do so by making false claims such as  "" there is no european culture "" "" . fortunately you have no authority . """
" you're a fake  "" hunter "" "" get professional help before they haul you off to prison as a #nazisympathizer """
#bengalburning when majority hindus get impotent under garb of modernism & ignores #owaisipig abusing our goddess then we deserve to suffer !
#breaking : after twin explosion  more explosive devices reportedly found at #brussels airport
#nascar #blacklivesmatter #minorityyouth # m & m #indycar #mcdolnald #sprint # xfinnity #mcdonalds
#refugeeswelcome #antiwhite #refugees #racist #racism #maga #altright #whitegenocide #sjw
#triggeredtroll what is truly sad about this is the
#trump  #bannon  and the #protests : #msm #politics #workingclass #14words
#valuevoterssummit is just another #hate get-together sponsored by #hategroup lead by #hatemonger all of whom are hate
& discussing boko harams use of isis ' tactics of killing christians abroad on #dcwatchlive
' black lives matter ' bans white people from meetings ...
' didi will have to run away  ' says narendra modi after mamata banerjee rules out alliance with bjp
' hope not hate ' sent a swedish guy undercover in the alt right for a year .
. funny how you don't mention this personnel choice : turn on the hate : steve bannon at the white house
. hindus should teach their kids ramayana  mahabharat etc even if schools don't .
. the mighty klan working hand in hand with the feds lol
... all old white men . so you tell me where you think the kkk supports all white party ( like 95 % ) or the dems which is diverse and young crowd
... and fawned over by media  corporate sponsored  and apparently irrelevant to judges ' impartiality
... white on white ? or maybe the stats that show impoverished neighborhoods of all demographics are just as dangerous ?
15 / trump fans will now accuse me me of being a messican lovin ' cuckservative race traitor who wants to brown the white race .
15 year old white danish girl blinded by african muslims in racially motivated hate crime
2 / still  it's remarkable we're at the point that vox is conceding 1 ) iq measures intelligence and matters 2 ) tests aren't culturally biased
2 / think spencer et al . a little too obliging to them . did good job  but maybe alt right needs new voices .
2/2 maybe more viral videos like this will do the same to civic nationalism .
63 % of women against abortion on pain-capable unborn children time 2 end #abortions after 20 wks #theyfeelpain
: #pvv rt : islamic state beheads four children for refusing to convert to islam
: #savemeriam rally at the white house !
: 1.when you are a secret bernie socialist and your iq is below 100 you can't see the bigger picture . china is
: : stricter standards force abortion clinics to close ; pro-lifers cheer shrinking numbers
: because it's just wrong to be afraid of people who are trying to kill you ?
: claim : us muslims more accepting of homosexuality than white evangelical christians
: conservatism is liberalism on a long slow burning fuse . just wait 10 years . republicans will be promoting what th
: cuckservatives : blame #nevertrump via
: cuckservatives : the case against conservatism via
: dhimmitude in germany : judge files complaint against merkel for being glad that obl is dead : hamburg judge ...  ...
: german zionists unveiling new bid to ban nationalists party | read more :
: i came out from las vegas . met a lot of great people . the mace was worth it . #altright is rising . so much you
: i think social media is one reason why the polls are trending #prolife . #prolifecon
: jared kushner is sabotaging the trump administration via
: more companies suing obama for hhs mandate violations on religious freedom |
: on this sad 41st anniv . of roe v . wade my prayers for #marchforlife participants and for all the unborn & their moms
: pentagon to obama : wait until fall 2012 to end surge #america #gop #democracy #whitepride
: robert spencer in pj media : white house proposes official new race : middle east / north african
: rt : nordic national socialists marched in stockholm to show solidarity with the white people in ...  ...
: this is what obama is hiring people to do with embezzled money
: via : kashmir : islamic jihadists murder nine tourists #tcot
: watch the house debate live on #hr3762 : . #defundpp #obamacare
: well  well  well . the news today is the leftist antifa nutters
a few years from now  the pundits will be citing trump winning the south as a warning sign that something big was about to happen
a hillary win would have ended freedom in america .
a message to #brexit from the swiss parliament
a racist dem started abortion to kill black people & it has spawned into plant parenthood & 3000 babies murdered a day
a sneak peek into the east room of the white house  where final preparations for tonight's hanukkah party are under way .
a white pill ? what makes you optimistic about that ?
a white victim is vastly more likely to have a white perp . most crime is intraracial . so your point is pointless .
aap has hit rock bottom n now ' ve started digging cc #aaptards
actually  poland has taken in refugees from ukraine  and the polish people
adl : trump's linkage of jewish donors to white supremacists ' obscene '
afro-jew biracial man sues museum over anti-semitic  racist and offensive painting | more :
again : fair is a racist hate group . thank you  senator  for protecting all the people who come to america . it's better for us all .
all day today  the promoted tweet is paid for by - - labeled a hate group by  and has ties w / white nationalists
almost half of crimes in usa committed by white supremacist like when a white police shot dead a black teenager in missipli .
also  don't speak about the jq ever . hey  they look huwhite to me .
also : burqa hasn't changed in past 1500 years - - this tweet is just to correct vision and hopefully perspective on life .
alt right / nationalists are ok with muslims ? surprising
america has both a legal and moral obligation to speak & act on behalf of #religiousfreedom . -
americans suffer from unemployment so ford plans to invest $ 1bn in india plant  sending jobs overseas . greed is endless :
amnesty : iran embarking on execution ' killing spree ' via
and  oh yeah ... :: #frc is still a hate group :: #lgbt
and all nonwhites since the quote was engraved in 1903 . us reaffirmed white nationhood in 1925 . only in
and before you try a smear campaign . im as white as they come and i cannot personally wait to drill some rounds into racist skulls
and how many white people kive in these counties ? none ? thought so !
and old white guys  of course
and the racist  anti 1a etc threats by antifa who has done the violence . iam aganist any voilence  wth 1a all can say want they want
and what oath are they keeping  to maintain the anti-white system ?
another german city tipping majority muslim #swrm #german via
another swedes get mob attacked by non-white immigrants in stockholm ( video ) | read more :
anti-white privilege : | the occidental observer
antifa burning american flags in philly today
antifa commissar here . i love to punch paid crisis actors . but when it's all over  i like to strip down
any plans for installing national pride in maharashtra or is it not that important ? #curious
any religion is better via 2hell with all politicians save womenldren 1st follow
anyone who gets mainstream press and / or has a big following is definitely controlled . look how much duke is in the news ... obvious agent .
ar feature : is hypocrisy about political correctness our best option ? by joseph kay with reply by jared tayor : #tcot
are white men dead ?
are you a white nationalist ?
as an excuse to be racist .
as gregory hood wrote in his latest article on  the british government is at least as oppressive as the soviet union or any of the people's republics .
as long as there is still one delegate to filch  one favor to call in  one tawdry backroom deal to strike  we are still in this ! #cruzcrew
ashkenazi jews are not white | the occidental observer
australian supporter of islamic state shares another sickening photo
aww cmon ask any democrat : its just medical waste . they dont care that a human life can or may exist just let em abort whenever ! ! !
bannon lost the battle in the white house
basically ifucksd your mom and grandma and i'm your dad but also your brother
because bannon thinks u r only american if u r white
because the victims are white .
belief system of national socialism in a nutshell : #news #liberty
best wishes to you eli on whatever you do next.you ' ve done so much within ( less than ? ) a year of activism : it's been amazing & so inspiring.our people are so fortunate to have you  regardless of which specific organization you are or aren't working with !
black #unemployment rate : 9.2 %  more than double white unemployment of 4.4 % via #hireamerican
black nationals have the same enemy as white nationals . #oblivious
blacks are are 32.6 times more likely to attack a white person than a white person to attack a black
blog : 3 reasons hawaiis law forcing pregnancy centers to promote abortion should be struck down
both are scared of cair . i know trumpster will drive out cair & that is why i support him .
build a wall around the white  racist  whitehouse !
but it has never been a white nation  natives were here already  america is a land of immigrants
but only whites can be racist ? ?
but rather to compose a band of mentally dependent nonentities who are the more easily led in certain directions
but theres white ppl who are anti white supremacy as well ? explain
but they aren't white
call to boycot for statements on #holocaust #denial during dutch visit . #didd #nporadio1
can we do the same to louis ck ? he's racist . his act says how being white is better than not being white . much better .
can't give any more of a wussier response than that  hunter .
canada has a strong national identity thats welcoming to immigrants and makes immigrants want to assimilate
check out this article from : - obamacare 4 years now and $ 52m in advertising by this administration = loser !
christians in syrian town where priest was kidnapped now paying jizya
churches should be free to teach biblical truth & operate their houses of worship according to their faith
clarkston  ga in fight over deporting somali immigrants via
cleon petersons dystopian ( anti-white ? ) future | the occidental observer
cm and other dignitaries light the lamp at the auspicious occasion at iim  nagpur
cnn is an active hate group . the splc is an active hate group . i hate hate !
communism killed infinitely more than national socialism and still kills now and oppresses billions to this day
confederate monuments which are also focused on white supremacy.this the problem .
congi crooks in pakistan again ? gone 4 yet more support 2 dethrone pm ? what a bunch of anti nationals !
congress without power is fish out of water.their aim will be to thwart all development activities and paint bjp as no alternative to cong
considering a white pride march ended in death ? yes . kkk and neo nazis embrace white nationalist . go join them .
correction  bad black people . you go too far . that post is overreaching making it seem we all r walking around killing folk ! !
could you stoop any lower ? don't think so  loser .
couldn't find a white baby huh ?
cruz made trump more legitimate to republicans . he could never carry the #nevertrump mantle .
cruz was a major champion of the #tpp . he flip-flopped to adopt trump's position .
cuck face
cuckservatives : are republicans for freedom or white identity politics ? via
cuckservatives : french / searcy 2016
culture is driven by hollywood  media  academia - politicians have little control . unrealistic expectati
david lane : open letter to the dead white race via #tweetni
day of community at nuremberg  1938 . adolf hitler watched the huge demonstrations given on the zeppelin field .
dear why this spl love for lka since last 2 years ... you locked kesri in a toilet .. didnt let dead body of pvnr in delhi .. no ?
defendng yourself is only ok if you're white ?
delhi will #vote the way they voted in lok sabha elections  cong + aap will be routed .
does anyone have a full list of those attending this week's vatican conference on marriage ?
dog whistle like your article incites hate > man shot up wanted to kill as many as possible #auspol
don't think he's ever advocated for a white ethnostate.he is a white identitarian .
dr ambedkar rejected the inclusion of the words secular and socialist into the preamble of the constitution .
eh  you are kind of black pilling people . toss in a white pill and mention that we the people themselve
eight whole people impressed by the drone though  not going to lie .
emergency at 10 jp .. sonia gandhi rushes to meet president of india . cong house on fire #verdict2014
ev1 here  black & white  playing racelympics is equally stupid .
exactly ... so not alllll white people are out to get you then ? ? ?
excellent ! very encouraging . people seeing through the media's lies .
explain how murdering white 14 - year-olds benefits the white nationalist cause
fair immigration is a branded hate group led by a known racist named john tanton . key staff members have ties to white supremacist groups .
fair is a white
fake account
fat dudes from ehs marry ugly girls because their fathers hold power in the white power movement .
fatness is a separate question from other optics issues . if you are fat  become not fat .
for blacks and a white can't get into it !
founding greater caribbean
frances socialist leader opens french doors to migrants  despite majority of french saying no via
frc praises dismissal of unwarranted charge against david daleiden : #prolife
free speech under assault worldwide #withjewswelose
from what i hear  #anonymous plans to release just such a gift list #rememberrememberthe5thofnovember
funny thing is that won't matter when whites aren't a majority anymore
gay men speak against gay marriage and surrogacy . other gay man calls for boycott of the gay men  calls them anti-gay
general accounting office to audit planned parenthood for taxpayer fraud uncover their #dirtysecrets - #itsprettyugly
george washington signed legislation making it so only free white men could immigrate to america
giddy up guyscuz white power needs a breaknow lasso urselves right away
good white history defeated bad white history . you're celebrating losers .
gop shifting on immigration via
gosh  will these people ever regain dignity ?
government official compares christian to nazis for declining to help with same-sex wedding .
greek white nationalists gains support while other parties falling via
haha ! & i were just saying the same thing about you . you racist ___ .
hannity is a true racist idiot
has this fool looked at welfare stats ? there are more poor white people receiving assistance than any other race ... another hate monger
have you got pedigree papers from a eugenicists that says your aryans . aryans are not white .
have you thought of that ? i guess not . for you is okay for white old angry men to go kill innocent people as long as
he could have remained union . so he went white collar & non union ? my dad went blue to white in ny w a electrical firm . it eventually shuttered but he's still union and enjoys his retirement & benefits + health regardless . i think your aunt & uncle should have sold stock earlier
he has successfully managed 2002  encounters .. and this kejriwal guy is thinking he can trap our boss for fake degree ! hehehe
he is a schizophrenic why does media hide that fact ? i seen videos that made me think
he was convicted of race crime of verbally insulting the women because of their religion no
he's 100 % correct . we are spending ourselves into oblivion rt : fair point about military spending from rand paul #gopdebate
he's right though .. always tossing around racist white supremacist u fucktards are .. u have nothing better to do in ur pathetic lives
here's a thesis : culture = numbers + optics it follows that maximum cultural impact is achieved by turning out the largest number of people under the most radical optics possible .
hey republicans : save the unborn millionaires #abortion #tcot
hey so our kids klub klan is also called the kkk . lol  common misunderstanding ! eat at gay hooters and bring the kids !
hey teddy  see what u get when u don't take advice for the president trump  you just lost the race to the white house ! ! lol ! ! !
hispanics are listed as either black or white ...
hmm . maybe the media is paying more attention to us because mainstream conservatism no longer dominates the right ?
hopefully more people moving away from white supremacist fascists  too .
how can government force people to act against their religious consciences ? -
how do explain their presence in syria now despite arab influx ? no european migration has occurred to the region since arab conquest
how is the banner racist ?
how long did the civil rights / anti-war protests last  before kent state ? things go faster in the social media era  though .
how many people have been red-pilled because the splc or adl sent them to our sites ?
how much do you think bush and obama paid for the heads of top aq people on the deck of car
how the alt-right normalizes white supremacy via
how the vikings saved europe and got a terrible reputation | read more : via
how trump killed the reagan mystique #cuckservative
how warped & perverted the liberal left is . the army's new shower policy : bare with us :
huffington post : christianity has a concept of jihad just like islam's : craig considine is the deep thinker wh ...
hunter have you heard of ? estonia is next door to latvia and they have a youth nationalis
i already know about your white pride sir ... . many white supremacists groups are talking and writing about it ...
i am in indiana where we just had a great rally . fantastic people ! staying at a holiday inn express - new and clean  not bad !
i am not black  you are not white . - youtube
i believe he'll delay the countries downfall for a few more years .
i can't understand why so many white people hate je - #goybye
i congratulate indian scientists for the successful entry ofmars orbiter mission into sphere of influence of mars .
i do not want white power . i want human togetherness . we are all related & most likely we all descend from africa .
i don't agree with them  but i can't say i'm surprised . the left's evil vitriol naturally drives people away .
i don't expect much from a syndicate network of controlled opposition made up of whites . publish books  speak at engagements  that's all .
i don't identify as white
i don't like liberals either . they practice white supremacy and oppression too
i guess italians really arent white then . #notinmyethnostate
i hate to be the bearer of bad news  white americans ...
i have nothing more to say ... i've already made you look foolish ... but i will answer every single question you have if you call me at 404-923-0255 and set up a video livestream and show your face to the general public instead of hiding behind your keyboard like a coward
i have only dated white girls and i'm mexican  how does this race mixing make you feel ? really wanna know
i have some questions for you'll . we all know your sheets are white but is your house white ?
i heard all of this  and thought . sounds like something crooked hillary  democrats  and 16 cucks he ran
i hope you are not gay or female if you support their cause
i know you love your cuck word  but it's overuse makes your work look juvenile . you're not anglin  don't lower yourself to that .
i read about st . louis  but i saw the video in charlottesville . i just can't see that as an accident .
i said i hate white supremacists . don't try to be the victim .
i saw a kkk meeting at an ice cream store once . one big fat guy dropped his cone on the floor and started crying . that's bad pr .
i think there's a factory in florida somewhere that churns out carbon copy boomer cucks .
i was told all of us sicilians are not white . i am not white .
i was wondering whatever happened to gregory hood . welcome back
i will always take a fellow marine over russ moore .
i wish i could cram this excellent article by down the throat of every smug swpl #hbd #nrx
i'll be listening  hunter .
i'll be live tonight on renegade broadcasting with - show starts at 8 pm est . topics : npi   alt right
i'm italian which is considered white in north america .
i'm not a white supremacist . you're not superior to anyone .
i'm of a family of immigrants who came here generations ago . aren't you ?
i'm sure he was planning to use it for agriculture . only a racist republican would think otherwise !
i'm sure this dreamer will vote republican
i've been saying that all white people aren't white suprmscists lol . goodness
idaho family of child raped by muslim migrants treated like criminals by police and media via
idea of holding events on private property ( so antifa would be aggressors  trespassing ) is great way of
identity america sounds good
identity evropa is a white supremacy group . try again genius .
idiotic statement . iam a muslim & iam against taliban bcoz cia made them .
if people in the altright believe i'm talking garbage ask yourself this question : would you kill those of your own race who reject 100 % ethno nationalism ? because that is what it will require . has the right policies . altright has become cartoonish .
ill have to put this on the list too then . not to post ( love the guy but god knows he doesnt #liftwaffe ) but i just dont watch tv that much so three movies is like a two week adventure with the wifey !
in 2012  51 percent of abortions were to white women  and 49 percent to non-white women . abortion is a racial wash
indian muslim owaisi pledging indian muslims support to pakistan in case of indo-pak war . your take sir ?
invisible empire - ku klux klan t-shirt from the white resister : via
iran ban on vasectomies to double #myjihad islam muslims #leadernamo #abkibaar300paar modi #femen
is adam and eve a story about sexism ? it's laughable . these people are liberals
is frey going to climb into the somali bed when hodges climbs out ?
is it okay to be white ?
is just another white nationalist aka looking for 15 of fame . he is unanerican
is really letting milo and the alt-lite have it in this video . yes  their hypocrisy and idiocy is unbelievable
is there something about kkk monuments built during the jim crow era that you find funny ?
it ' okay to be white .
it has gotten so bad that loving your family and friends is racist if you're white even if you think people are equal .
it is possible because pp does not own the animal slaughterhouses  they own the defenseless children slaughterhouses .
it should benefit all immigrants you racist xenophobic bigots ! !
it shouldnt matter who erected a shrine . an innocent human being died at the hands of a government employee  and this is your response ? your actions have no place in our society . its truly deplorable that people like you are elected .
it was treason . he waged war against the usa . should never have been a statue for his treachery .
it's all fun and games til someone goes into a church and kills nine people .
it's amazing that firing off one tweet led to a #nrorevolt which significantly changed the tone of national review .
it's fine . we are going to witness a bonanza of left-wing malfeasance today : anti-police  #antifa & p
it's harsh & ur a racist which i didn't knw .. anyhoo .. u enjoy promoting white protection . i care about ppl .. not skin colour
it's okay to be white
it's sad  elder  liberals don't seem to realize that many ( most ? ) of these white  police hating  antifa thugs are in fact white nationalist
it's the same people who screamed about pizzagate for months and got a guy arrested in the process then
it's true trump's win has sparked an increase in racist rhetoric  but we can hope this vilification of white voters will eventually abate
jewish guy writes article saying he's alt right ; alt right commenters say no he isn't  and he should move to israel
jewish reporter in germany : ' it was racist to stop refugee luggage porters ' via
jews are still white .
john pelham : wyoming  the white zion via
join the racist train ...
just so i understand  you think america has two options : 1 ) paramilitary white nationalist nazi's or 2 ) the barrio of ( guessing ) mexico city i'm surprise your not suggesting this :
just spoke to . he is getting more and more gung-ho about amethi . he smells things others don't .
kill your own bill . do us all a favor .
last time i looked  100 percent of homicide arrests in atlanta were black
let's not pretend that this is a black and white issue where conservatives are misunderstood
lets turn our hate into action : action report on the liverpool white man march | read more :
liar . call it what it is ... radical racist white christian terrorism . un-american . unwelcome .
likely ... rural white america is the only reason we still have 2a . they've
linda sarsour raises $ 80000 for questionable anti-muslim hate crime by white man
literally none of us have said italians aren't white .
looks white to me . #whiteprivilege #whiteterrorism #lasvegasshooting #lasvegasmassacre
mark  i hope you don't stand for this ? one day these white supremacist will say : it's your turn now .
mark weber : the jewish role in the bolshevik revolution and soviet regime via
marriage redefinition platform will disadvantage democratic party via
mccain the neocon  supports endless wars !
merkel condemns violence targeting #refugees in e . german town of heidenau over the weekend
merkel sees a ' path to peace ' w / a doctrine calling for death to apostates  among other human rights violations
micah xavier johnson  25  ' he wanted to kill white people  especially white officers '
might be some ways of working with other racial identity groups such as black nationalists . we want the same thing on some level .
million dollar question ? where are all the white people ? it's all about votes . if the white voters gave
minnesota city official suggests limiting refugee intake via
modi is an excellent communicator . students would benefit from & enjoy listening to his speech on guru utsav day .
monday's washington updatefrom : #maga #masa #praytoendabortion #prolife #profamily #1m1w #marriage
more : us official says 5 dead in tennessee shooting  including 4 marines  sole gunman :
more ceos jump on the liberal brand wagon : #secondvote
more pl investigate the ill gotten wealth of yashwant sinha and sack his son ; both looted endlessly
more than half of trumps retweets are white supremacists praising him via
more white supremacists talking points ...
most white are decent folks not rasict at all
mr . racist you need to stop your lies . first they are mostly from central america . drugs come in from columbia
mr . taylor warned us : egalitarian orthodoxy would fight hardest when wounded . don't let up . don't be discouraged .
muslim persecution of hindus in india - - the story you won't see in the western mainstream media by phyllis chesler
must see white guilt tv !
must stop issuing marriage licenses altogether
my dad made me a jh fan ! hub in afghan a fan too !
nations are people of common descent  language and culture . not all di
neglected to mention the little boy was white .
next time out our side should go completely passive . maga hate  white shirts to show blood ; and pass out flowers . it
nightclubs struggling to keep open as young german women now too afraid to go out at night
no  i agree with you so i'm the white racist
no  it's not . it's a sensible reaction to a paradox . the alt right d
no  not racist . intelligent .
no  today the klan is virtually 100 % gop . #tcot #maga #pjnet
no it very clearly does because doma & other states have laws tht explicitly say only marriage between heterosexuals man & women only
no it was not she was a racist and you should stop lying to yourself .
no more fascist la raza ( how a racist group can call anyone racist ? ! ) lies . out
no one wants to kill you for being mixed race . there were plenty of mixed race people on our side at hwndu .
no one wants to shut you up . we want you to continue spouting your anti-white hate . it only strengthens us .
no racist wall !
no same old bait & switch conservatives of years past . what's different is people are not sitting back
nope . half the active antifa i know don't even care about socialism ; they just don't like nazi's or bigotry .
not sure the president really micromanages every street rally tho  specifically how today would you wan
not this white christian american but i know what u mean .
notice-there was a happy white family in the video.not african american  asian  latino  or native .. white .
now if you start denouncing some of the people that you retweet and follow and you call them out on their racist views then i will no longer suspect that you're a white supremacist
obama invited them to the white house #wakeupamerica do u not get it !
obama led from the rear  trump leads from the front and respected by more leaders than obummer . #securetheborder
of course i racism is power and prejudice and black people in blm have no power also they are
of course it's just a way to extort $ $ $ from people alive today that had zero to do with it .
oh joy ! are you wearing the white or red klan robe ?
oh so you don't think non white people are of less worth ?
on 37th day of the hunger strike  right when johar is dying  cm malik shows up at the camp . says what he usually says
one point that's a fact jack and jews are still white
opression  but i guess the white man can go die
or are you simply out to make whites innocent ...
oscars : acting nominees all white via
other than running people over with cars
outplayed cpac . he hot media attention which only makes more people aware of him and by extension his stuff .
over 250 swedish white nationalists march in stockholm ( video ) via
pagan traditions were european too . merry yule  happy solstice  felix saturnalia . only when the roman emperor constantine replaced a roman festival with a christian holiday  but kept the vacation days the same  was christmas pinned to december 25th . #westerncivilization
patriotic hungarians launch new white nationalist movement #swrm via
patriotic hungarians launch new white nationalist movement via interesting
people are upset about a white nationalist group's ( ) new poster campaign seen in ks and mo -
people like you are what makes many of us dismiss white identity in favor of human identity . you are the outlier  the detritus of society .
people that love america and its freedom voted for trump . people that hate american freedom voted for hillary .
pl . ensure victory of for ur own survival we are back to support the leader
pl . name them so that we fight such elements . we are separate from bjp because it has problems . you at least dm
please all take a moment to report to stop them from spreading hate and ignorance - white supremacy doesn't belong on twitter
please do  sir . the anti-white sa govt has many a racial policy against white folks here . anti-white sentiment is encouraged
please retweet this app . add your voices in 10 indian languages to allow other to
please rt #freetobelieve . for those fighting & praying for religious freedom #freetobelieve .
please stand up and fight against this stupid wall ! ! stop #45 and his bigot filled white house
plus  the melbourne antifa page is about as concrete as it gets . they claimed him almost i
poll : california non-whites wants ban on free speech for white nationalists #swrm #us #white via
poll : california non-whites wants ban on free speech for white nationalists via
president obama thinks the nation is not as divided as people think . he is living in a world of the make believe !
pretty crazy ! you're now a white supremacist . .. we all are ! smh
pretty sure the stuff in libraries passes spell check
probably because his every instinct  mannerism and utterance embodies the #cuckservative archetype
psychology tells us that masked people are more likely to engage in violence .
put dana white back on
qatar : muslim cleric prays for allah to kill the jews
question ? do u like non-white people ?
race card played . no mention of religion of perpetrators  or race / religion of non-white victims . < >
race is not skin color  it has to do with who your relatives and ancestors are . skin color happens to be a convenient signifier of that but it's just that  a signifier . african albinos have white skin but certainly aren't white as usually understood
racist bastards
racist democrat full of hate always playing the race card ... be gone bigot
ramadan observance in nigeria : islamic jihadists murder over 20 fishermen and traders : for them  it was an exe ...
really ? ! so the white albanian muslims are a race--but the black nigerian christians are not ? !
remember when hitler didn't understand history and the aryans didn't even create the swastika ?
repeating trump's slogan  showing he's a bipartisan critic . how is that supposed to hurt him ? #debatenight
republican is a code word for white .
resources for women who regret taking the abortion pill . it may not be too late to reverse : #prolifecon #prolife
retweeted elder lansing ( ): demokkkrats you are so angry  racist  hateful  and bitter . hate to ...
retweeted elder lansing ( ): obama needs to stop trolling potus trump ! unlike that failure in chief ...
retweeted fair ( ): interesting read ... via
retweeted national socialist ( ): turkey poses real threat '
retweeted national socialist ( ): why was karkare in touch with  on ...
retweeted rare & historical ( ): three headed bhagwan vishnu from kashmir  8th / early 9th century ...
right  you used a more palatable  less scary term to describe nazis .
right ? why can't all people be this common sense intelligent ? people like her would die eventually .
rubio the wind-up doll has done a good job memorizing his lines . he'll get a gold star from his corporate groomers !
russia to ship 10mn tons of oil annually to india in next 10 years putin
sad to see them go  but thankful for this great group of summer interns ! keep fighting for faith  family  freedom .
same thing may be happen with bjp in 2019 .
saudi arabia gives up its resistance against russia german media
say no and some say yes there is an identity . this is an subject with no ground to reach
scoop : ben carson plans to endorse trump on friday  huddled w / gop front-runner today at mar-a-lago
secure white house against russia
see no white sheets no hoods same racist message y'all better wake up quit sleeping on these folks you gone wake ...
seems racist to me . no wonder i've been hearing the leftist twitter yards saying you can't be racist to whites . they desperately need that to be true .
senate poised to vote on enda today #enda #lgbt #saynotoenda #religiousfreedom #wiright
serious question : is dan schneider a conservative or a libertarian ? his political philosophy lacks any semblance of coherency
should a baker be forced to bake gay cakes ? the problem is  social media only works if it's universal . as soon as you segregate people into diferent quarters of the internet  you lose an exchange of ideas and it becomes a boringg echo chamber . we make twitter interesting .
should we be surprised ? ! unless a man openly declares for the white race  you can be sure he isn't ! and trump isn't !
shri venkateswara ( balaji ) temple  birmingham  united kingdom is a beautiful & very famous temple . #hinduismabroad
silly illogical white supremacists
simultaneous yagyas across india and abroad  on #mahashivratri . to take part  9999567895 #purity #divine
skin color is an example of a racial difference . what else should christians believe ? geocentrism ?
slate on academics hating poor white kids from appalachia :
slavery is part of human history  white people ended it in the west - there's slavery still
small white pill
so  is franklin graham a white nationalist also ?
so ... 6 million jews ... your fine with that  but when one white guy dies  you go apeshit
so de blasio says the media divides us . nope mayor its the race baiting white guilt garbage peddling victim mentality liberals dividing us !
so making a product people want and selling it to them is exploitation  even when both the buyers and i are happy ? o kay .
so only english people are true americans ? i'm trying to get a concrete answer from you .
so will you still try to purge ann coulter ? lmao
so you're advocating for segregation ? why do you hate white nationalists then ? this is precisely what they want as well .
some people will only be happy if zombie george lincoln rockwell comes back to become the viking god-king of a volkisch american imperium .
soon russia will deploy 150000 ground troops in middle east  india  japan etc should also join
southern gentleman and renaissance man was present . he is not a national socialist . plenty of examples .
spears is a racist
splc presents : white nationalism and the alt-rightmovement
spot on lol ! #whitepeople
stealing poor white people jobs because rich white people . good night
study some basic christian theology then get back to me if you want to discuss it .
success in ar lawsuit against opp | american renaissance
swedish patriots burn down more facilities for non-white invaders | full story :
swiss have no immunity from pl close down etc surrender all illegal money no more nonsense
taylor represents white power
ted cruz cancels mississippi visit
tell me what true white supremacy is ?
telling someone to hang themselves is bad optics ...
tennessee : the capital of american jihad : by hunter wallace here . note : needless to say  i got a lot of materi ...
tennessee proves once again that #truconservatives are nothing but puppets of big business #srx
terrible optics . they'll never attract people by larping like that .
thank god ! i as an ashkenazi and slavic can totally join the kkk and be pro-jewish ! seriously think
thank you for educating me on the prophet muhammad and islam . you should be awarded by your country for invaluable service
thank you for standing up for the unborn and for telling truths that democrat voters need to hear  no
thanks so much really love what u do and what you stand for .. hope to see u in the uk sometime xx
that's a straw-man . i'm just saying shooting people in the street is not equivalent with one punch .
that's not what you said . you said it was racist to think white lives matter
that's the marxism speaking . workers in one country don't have allegiance to workers around the world . that's imaginary
that's what i said chan is racist
the #natsoc approach to #healthcare : #obamacare #trumpcare #bigpharma #nutrition
the altright is probably more pro-evolution than the general population . look at or and youll find theyre mostly secular people .
the anti-white state of the union via
the barn was actually pretty warm and comfy . you're just jealous you weren't invited . perhaps antifa can host next time ?
the breakdown - white house immigration proposition via
the burden of proof has been gen . calls for ' full annihilation & destruction ' of israel #nuclearcheckmate
the cm of bengal has banned a thousand year old tradition of durga puja to appease muslims #durgapujaban
the confederacy ? still a racist institution . nazis ? racists . alt-right white nationalists ? same . nothing good comes from that hatred .
the establishment hates cruz and will primary him in 2018 . with our support  they will win too
the establishment is only supporting trump in the sense that cruz has no appeal beyond a narrow slice of evangelicals
the farmer can pay prevailing wages and hire americans . since when did oprah become border patrol . ? the game is over farmer !
the grand hindu alliance of narendra modi is likely to deliver 350 seats in parliament 2014 . nitish repents .
the kleins are fighting to protect #religiousfreedom . send them a note of encouragement !
the latest the patriots daily ! thanks to #maga
the latest what matters gazette ! thanks to #bluebloods #prolife
the mainstream right has nurtured delusions on this issue  and the alt right is correct to face the difficult reality  as is their talent
the more his wife and children depend on it  the more tenaciously he will fight for his mandate
the next time or has hate group leader on air  it's time to ask him about his white supremacy ties .
the people must not be allowed to decide who will represent them ! the great unwashed masses have put the fear of god in elites .
the police and antifa answer to the same people . it's just play acting .
the privileged vs . the white working class via
the ramones - the kkk took my baby away ( video oficial )
the real goal is to preserve white america . not create some whites only european union .
the realist report : support john friend's free speech !
the unique nature of the holocaust : i take the liberty of reproducing a post from the always excellent and tho ...
the very last semi-white people on earth
the white race
the whole abrahamic systems is built on hate  jews  chrstians  & muslims must kill the innocent to
there are enough generic conservative pro-trump events ( eg  milo ) that antifa will show its evil  repea
there are no black extremists groups . there are none . you cant factually name one . but there are white ones .
there is no black or white in the #rainbow . #altright
there would be more . white pathology isnt the same as black pathology .
there's at least one more suspension left on twitter purge day :  the proud boys magazine . other proud boys accounts seem unaffected
they create jobs . just not here in the us . ireland  china  etc - places with less government interference .
they might shoot and run over people in front of parliament  we cant let in religious extremists like that .
this author is mistaking nationalism for bigotry .
this draft regulation would continue restoring americans full first amendment rights . #hhs #religiousliberty
this is precious  white vs . jewish #supremacist : via
this is the death of civic nationalism
this is what happens when you get a racist in a room with a black man !
this week in anti-semitism : the unfortunate return of chuck woolery via
this white house would call the hindenburg a success .
today's schedule : a trip to the white house :
traditions like white supremacy
trudeau comes from the great white north to trump's white house . and report :
true  crickets ! thankfully  mark vaughn  president & coo  exercised his #2a right ! alton nolen stabbed another lady before being stopped ...
trump is bringing alpha maleness back to the white house via
trump only sells in the south  the northeast  and the west coast . in the vast  sparsely-populated interior of the us he really struggles .
trump's weaknesses : israel  southern heritage  affirmative action  gay marriage
tweet blocked-sooo not a problem : #maga as united #patriots ! the only colors that matter are #redwhiteandblue ! i stand with my fellow man !
twitter restores white nationalist group leader's account via the
two wrong don't make a right . not surprised  but you still didn't answer my question.is invasion by a foreign people moral or immoral ?
tyles of plantation ( also a measurement ) was determined by geographical ( the south is the size of europe ) location  climate & soil
ugh  and kim davis isn't a conservative anyway . a principled defense of gay marriage has been a key pillar of conservatism for months now .
unfortunately you don't get to make the choice . there are more than 100 million white men in america
very few would i give my full support to  not even to trump . to you guys ? kick on . beat their machine  i'm with you .
via : three muslim countries somalia  tajikistan  and brunei now banning christmas cele ... #tcot
via : white house : obama will fight media to stop anti-jihad articles #tcot
via afghanistan : convert to christianitys family seeks to kill him for leaving islam #catholic
vice mayor of charlottesville is anti-white .
violence will backfire . elections don't produce political representation . the third way is being a cultural movement . we simply grow until we disrupt the dominant taboos
wal mart queen hillary pontificates that modi shld be pm for whole of india & does not inform her that india elects only one pm ! !
want #proof that i am german kaiser ken ? twitter has over 100 million user  yet it singles me out for suspension on mundane activity .
was invited to the white house ?
watch live : white house daily press briefing
we are anonymousexpect cones and ddos #conesec
we can say a middle eastern looks more white  but isn't white .
we have crime  but way less than in the homogenized neighborhoods .
we need to go back to berkeley
we ready skin head coward
we will look in to that more in depth #anonnews #opkkk #mtfkkk
we'll any less than three and it's a failure . i'm a year older than you . i'm gonna have some soon .
well there are way more white people in this country  and what happens to cops who kill white people ? do they get off ?
welp : jared kushner travels to capitol hill for immigration discussions with lindsey graham via
welp : media claiming that united states is preparing to seek the arrest of julian assange via
what a traitor ! go trump ! magamagamaga
what about those of us who believe freedom of speech extends to more than just racist white christians ?
what call will they take congress wants to piggy back on aap even though aap doesn't want them .
what do you have against white males ?
what do you see here ? white supremacy ? theocracy ? racism ? heteronormativity ?
what do you think things would be like now if rubio or cruz had won ?
what is the tattoo on the white guy ? what is its significance ?
what is your stance on the intermarriage of gingers and white people ?
what kind of white  caucasian  anglo-saxon  celtic  slavic  the list goes on ... are all white subcultures welcome to your party ?
what makes western counties white
what timely fashion to have a nice crop of afghan / iraq vets filling ranks of alt right .
what we're doing right now is all we need ... people on similar pages to reach and meet each
what would medical jihad look like ?
what you did was greater zerotherefore no shame  you have conquered the bugman for another day
what's your take on the white virginia rally ? you probably still think a
whats the matter with south carolina ? odclassic
when he visits america in the fall  modi will most likely rock out madison square garden .
when you dump kasich / carson out of va ( monmouth ): trump 42 % ( + 1 ) rubio 32 % ( + 5 ) cruz 19 % ( + 5 ) minus rubio and 45 % cruz 27 %
where is the proof that asking for an id at the voting booth harms blacks ?
where the white woman at ?
white children : waiting on the bermensch
white evangelical christians do not execute lgbtq people you do . your move .
white genocide quotes
white guilt ? i say why guilt ? liberals are masters at spreading racist nonsense . without race baiting  the demokkkrat party wouldn't exist !
white house / black market via
white man charged with hate crime in knockout game ? ? #news #racism #hatecrime #socialjustice
white nationalists celebrate arrest of jew - news
white nationalists nonsense .
white nationalists vow charlottesville is just the beginning | the times of israel
white on white crime is shameful by numbers not blacks
white pathology in a nutshell
white people  amirite ?
white people in minneapolis does this plus more  where are your posts about them ? and i kno
white people winning is racist . haven't you been listening ?
white skin privilege  you see ...
white south african author and academic daan wybenga tortured to death by black racist murders via
white working class mortality raterises
whites in white satin .
who are you ... his white mama ?
who needs 5 to be racist . just being white is enough .
why are you judging this man by the color of his skin ? racist ! !
why are you retweeting white supremacist propaganda  wikileaks ?
why cant you clean the yamuna ? i asked an engineer of the delhi jal board ( djb ) . a complex issue  sir ... all ...
why would anyone carry the us flag into confederate territory to support southern history and identity ?
wish i could go . #altright via
witness kkk antifa / blm on same buses
woah bro are you saying all illegal immigrants arent white ? what are you racist or something ?
worthless conservatism inc . a bigger ponzi scheme than madoff's . it's a make-work project for bow-tied sissies .
wow  all these corp posts  will have to boycott everything ! #marriage equality
wtf is wrong with russia  mate ? could it be that they're not trying to kill us ? maybe it's bcz they're white ? seriusly russian paranoia . wtf
wwii asia / pacific theater revisionist forum indian nationalism and the axis : the following link is to a le ...
yal know yal cowards don't even show your face i don't want to even know what a coward looks like #blackchurchesburning
yea but patience also gets more people hurt or worse.its time for a million man march to run these criminals out of govt
yea it's just a coincidence that those lawyers worked for fusion gps and fusion gps is on the payroll of democrats . yeah nothing to see here
yeah i'm sure your the pinnacle of health considering you won't show yourself . which side killed someone ? ? ?
yeah this poor guy was white and disabled  but theres no hate here  right ?
yep white people have history
yes  but wouldn't them moving there increase the amount of white europeans ? move to iceland or norway . lots of white folks there .
yes  i'm sure the state is so scared of a movement which just happens to defend and promote their positions
yes . the truth is he  you and all white supremacists are pure evil .
yes and it will begin from india this time as europe is too defensive about national socialism . people want hitler .
yes it is ... no one can choose to who they are born ... it is racist to say being white is wrong
yes they are . europeans are white . end of .
yes you must be one of them white supremacists
you do realize that anarchist & communist mean different things yes ? & come from different political traditions
you for nazis and white supremacists ?
you guys wildin
you just gave a very long winded account of white history in order to argue semantics over what white history is defined as ...
you know me so well whiskey jack 75 ( is that year of birth or iq ? )
you must be white because all black people are supposed to think the same ?
you reallly do go to low places don't you ? how ignorant of you .
you should be arrested for your insulting profile pic & your racist  insulting comments against jewish people .
you white supremacist ! !
you're a sick and evil creature . you deserve a life of pointless atomized consumerism .
you're not white you're tacist
you've got to be pretty stupid to equate socialism with white supremacy .
your founder margaret sanger was a racist who sterilized black women so they couldn't have more bad weeds !
"  "" : jane roe of roe v . wade never had an abortion  her daughter is 43 "" "" """
"  "" : marco rubio pushed for immigration reform with conservative media "" "" #alwaystrump """
"  "" : quentin tarantino unveils new anti-white race war slasher movie via "" "" """
"  "" : racist attacks on white dutch people by mobs of muslim immigrants continue ( video ) via "" "" """
"  "" hate "" "" is a codeword for "" "" being white "" "" "" diversity "" "" is a codeword for "" "" no """
"  "" i just want everyone to know that alliance defending freedom is a hate group ... why is this group prominently attac """
"  "" in hindsight  the various right-wing movementsthe fusionist conservatism of buckley  goldwater and reagan  neoconservatism  libertarianism """
"  "" our "" "" government is an open sewer of #corruption and incompetence ... #politics #news """
"  "" pro-white american nationalist "" "" """
"  "" racist "" "" sure it is ... """
"  "" should alt-right trolls go easy on the trigger ? "" "" no . not your personal army leaderfag """
"  "" you people "" "" they arent my people ? ? im white omg """
"  now comes the classic transference . who's got a  "" truly evil "" "" family ? how's you & jared getting along ? """
" #donaldtrump #vvs16 donald trump at vvs 16 -  "" i will fight for every child in america ! "" "" """
" #msm will find a way to blame potus  like  "" he broke him "" "" """
" . hearing jared taylor from say  "" happy horseshit "" "" made my morning . """
" . i encourage uk to let you and geller enter and speak . obviously  left is paying inordinate subservience to muslim  "" feelings "" "" """
" 10 /  "" conservatives "" "" appeal to jews  hispanics  blacks and so forth on the basis of identity politics """
" actually that's encouraging ! fewer people being  "" programmed "" "" ! """
" and changing made up  "" islamic laws "" "" . """
" and the equality clause of the 14th amendment !  "" adf : 4th circuit should uphold right of virginians to affirm marriage #ssm """
" and where exactly is the  "" white mans homeland "" "" i """
" as says   "" white "" "" is an all-encompassing perpetrator category  but victims are truly divided between "" "" white "" "" and "" "" hispanic . "" "" """
" bobby fischer's  "" notes on the jew "" "" """
" but white on white crime  "" trumps "" "" all racial statistics :-) """
" doj looking into  "" direct action / antifa "" "" groups . there may be a chance . """
" drops  "" white male "" "" on the bernie bros with the same tone that people use "" "" jew "" "" on twitter """
" i agree completely ! i just think i'd disagree with them on what those  "" true tenets "" "" are ... """
" i'm so tired of msm created  "" optics "" "" we need to push fa """
" i'm the kind of a sws any black persons resisting racial injustice =  "" race baitor  divisive  blm  anti white  hater  "" "" . """
" if your ancestors built a country  is it unreasonable to be  "" privileged "" "" in it ? #goodquestion """
" it most certain is when you seem to designate any gathering of white people as  "" supremacists . "" "" """
" it's adorable that you consider a blog post  "" talking to the media "" "" . you are precious . you little secessionist  you . """
" it's because they  "" cuck "" "" their own voters and use power to advance the left's agenda . see amnesty or gay marriage """
" jared taylor :  "" why they lie "" "" via """
" jason kessler is an obama / cnn shill . i'd say most of these  "" alt right thought leaders "" "" etc """
" look at european history . no one united on being  "" white "" "" . culture =/ = race . """
" my blood boils . but in the cities  they hide another hideous crime as  "" house robbery "" "" . it is invasion of ur home : violent """
" national review lashes out at  "" latter-day calhounists "" "" via #altsouth #altright """
" reinhard wolff of claims the  "" zio-globalists "" "" want to destroy the white """
" rt  "" : mt : great to spend time today w / &  discussing us  israel & isis . "" "" ; """
" rt  "" hey  fellow white people  white nationalism is not the answer . "" "" """
" rt . : trump comments open conversation for  "" grownup "" "" muslim immigration policy """
" rt :  "" race . "" "" in spite of the fact that charlottesville was a 99 % white affair and the casualties were 99.9 % white . """
" rt : please join us :  "" planned parenthood : the hidden harvest "" "" anchored by on friday 9/4 10pm et """
" rt : the national guard will join the marchers ! this is not  "" far right "" "" as the media would have peo """
" rt bernie bros are entitled white males : joan walsh drops the  "" you're a white male "" "" """
" rt by all means we will be waiting see we are not legion  "" the devil "" "" as you ppl we will over take you """
" rt identity evropa unfurls their banner as richard speaks . it reads  "" no longer silent we will be heard . "" "" #redicelive #altright """
" rt is there any other  "" secular  socialist republic "" "" ? """
" rt latest track :  "" identity evropa "" "" #synthwave #fashwave """
" rt new #video  "" #leytonstone terror attack ( full ): the #religionofpeace strikes again "" "" "" #youaintnomuslimbruv "" "" really ? """
" rt one of your  "" advocates for the american people "" "" ( southerland ) won't commit to #noamnesty """
" rt the  "" individual "" "" isn't responsible for being born into a cultural sewer """
" rt the helpfully explains this morning that 53 % of white women voted for trump  therefore they were  "" angry white women . "" "" hmmm . """
" rt unfortunately  valerie grim is stuck in an outdated paradigm wherein all white advocacy is  "" hate "" "" . """
" rt visit fair's website to see photos from the amnesty rally and set up on the  "" closed "" "" mall """
" rt why aren't liberals calling for this statue of racist robert  "" white sheets "" "" byrd to be taken down in west virginia ? because he's a democrat ! """
" so loving ones own people is  "" white supremacy "" "" ! ? """
" so your plan for the future is to stay pale / white ? get out of us .  "" feel the bern ! "" "" """
" talk about a racist statement . i can't stand grayson  but any 1 brings up  "" white suppression "" "" is racist cc """
" thank you for using the word  "" folks "" "" rt : rt : civic nationalism  folks --> """
" the realist report : jews  "" disproportionally represented "" "" amongst world's wealthiest """
" thedemocrats donna brazile's new book   "" hacked "" "" focused on "" "" killing the cancer  not the patient . "" "" the cancer : hillary  obama  wasserman """
" tony perkins calls for end to  "" reckless rhetoric "" "" and in his next sentence ratchets up the reckless rhetoric . vile . #tcot #gop #frc """
" total clown world we live in - non-whit invaders are welcomed into white countries  & white women end up  "" falling in love "" "" with them . """
" white people are  "" our neighbors "" "" . """
" you forgot the word  "" white . "" "" . you mean "" "" white evangelicals . "" "" """
" youtube the nra commercial . google  "" white genocide professor "" "" or james watson addressing genetics of intelligence . it's both sides . """
#atleastwecanagreeon multiculturalism being inherently anti-white .
#china begins railway construction to #kongpo near indian border more accurate
#cpac2014 has jumped the shark . i pray this will lead people to realize that there is no hope in washington dc .
#impeachmerkel why has she not been removed #germany ? !
#latinoswithtrump right here brother . not an ounce of white supremacy
#manafort and gates were indicted for alleged crimes over 10 years ago lol . trump or his campaign weren't mentioned one time .
#mexican beer makers donate to organization that supports undocumented immigrants in colima  mexico
#modipmbedicm today shri narendra modi address public rally in ambedkar nagar  delhi at 2 pm .
#opportunist yashwant sinha on saturday tore into prime minister narendra modi and his
#prolife cause should be outraged at cap on damages in deaths of woman & unborn child
#protestpp happening now in chicago  il 12 illinois locations . people rallying 2 support life ! #ppsellsbabyparts
#savemiriam rally at the white house !
#swayamsevaks all gods are same in all religions in india ...
#undercoverantifa = > watch #lwc infiltrate and expose violent antifa
' holocaust ' debate / comments / news how are the dachau gas chambers explained in the official story ? : hello ...
' holocaust ' debate / comments / news israel to reveal previously unpublished eichmann papers : a news about t ...
. has articles on the unique and special connection of white people to nature
. i belong to an evangelical church . i find no contradiction between that and white nationalism .
. on #periscope : donald trump cucks
. our country shouldn't be given over to people who broke the law !
. thanks for joining #istandsunday  beth . god bless you !
. that's for sure . if everyone just plays nice the bad guys will win
.. and it ended with a whimper and a fat white guy running away from his own press conference .
10000 hearts  one beat ! we are making #history right now . this is the greatest struggle our folk has ever been a part of . #victory
11 / milo condemns white nationalism and white identity politics on his college tour . he says conservatism is the answer
19 kids star & hate group lister & leads anti-gay marriage rally at arkansas capitol
25 states force taxpayers to pay for abortions under #obamacare  will yours in 2017 ?
3000 years not 15 . leave those white christian haters alone and focus on america trump stop giving in to the cuck left
32 % of the public are non white .
4 russian warships launch 26 missiles against isis from caspian sea whilst cameron & obama talk about what to do .
5 / i go to white ally trainings and work alongside all kinds of groups that are marginalized  including poor whites and white laborers ...
50 yrs ago i was not white . i was italian . this is not helping . ppl are only moved to your cause when you lead by example this kicking whining & degrading a whole race of ppl is nuts no one is being helped by the sensationalism of race in the fake news .
6 . you blame whites for non-white failure while i accept the diversity of abilities within each race ...
6 properly expressed  the alt-right wants to rethink the state and national consciousness .
7 rcr being decked for as manmohan singh moves baggage to motilal nehru marg  soon to be named rss marg or ss marg ! !
8/ this may not bring victory but it can at least delay some developments . also as people start getting involved politically they will be
99.9 % of white americans had nothing against black americans  until obama re-ignited black hate towards all whites .
: #whenthugscry  your thoughts ... go !
: alt-right condemned by wildly unpopular republican congress via
: arina grossu : on the anniversary of gosnell conviction  lets pass a fetal pain ban #theyfeelpain
: as always  deluded white pepo . antifa right now is white bourgeois
: bloomberg ramps up amnesty coalition #afire #tcot #p2 #noamnesty
: charlottesville : nationalist front marches into lee park via
: councilor offended by anti-racist = anti-white stickers in lincoln  england
: didn't we use to commit people like this to keep society safe ? !
: elin krantz : just another dead white liberal female via #didyouknow #diversity
: fbi counter-terror agents to guard uk airports against islamic jihadis
: hugh fitzgerald : the ask a muslim girl
: islamic state kidnaps at least 90 people from christian villages in syria
: israel : muslim opens fire on bus  uses screwdriver to stab shoppers buying groceries  six wounded
: mt : amazing story of lt general boykin praying for a doctor w / no blood pressure during black hawk down & miracle ha ...
: new gruesome isis video shows group following sharia law . ; #siwhsu15
: ok  bob . i'm sure it is a huge sharia conspiracy etc  etc that you're on a list with all t
: only 10 hours to go ! please help us tell the truth about islamic anti-semitism ! #ccot #tcot
: pulaski is a town of good people and the location of martin methodist college .
: pulpit freedom sunday oct . 7th | erik stanley on stand up for the truth
: sorry to burst your bubble frederica wilson but you're not a rock star you're a rock head ! guess i'm a black white supre
: syrian invaders fear german nationalists and want to return home
: true  but could have condemned violence on that side without naming #antifa .
: two muslims arrested for supplying fake documents to islamic state jihadis to plan paris jihad massacres
: uk : schoolchildren told they would be punished for racism if they didn't attend religious workshop on islam
: video : anti-white race war slasher clip teaches black children to massacre whites | read more : ht
: video : nationalist youth marching against the multiculturalism in vienna
: we have developed a new outfit for your marches . you may not like it  but this is what peak optics looks l
: why marriage matters - alliance defending freedom #scotus #doma #prop8 #marriagematters
: yeah it was flat . got up there and tried to recreate the magic of the primary but it is gone . half the people in
? ? but i'm a very white guy & a scholar of nordic things . i can read the elder edda . and i hate you . maybe think about that for a minute .
@ tn-brahman cm or an dalit cm-they don ` t care caste but ability .. thanks to tn radicle media which has upgraded them
a critical look at rush limbaugh | the occidental observer
a hate group leader ( ) speaking before another hate group  the white citizens council . #vvs17 #familyresearchcouncil #splc #hate
a math problem - the 5 million non jews : i'm realizing that i don't have and never did have a clue about the 5 ...
a very vocal facist itching for violence in berkeley at trump rally .
aap is congress minus ghandhi family
about countries that have a majority white population having a border . countries with non - white populations like ...
according to rainbow confederates  varina davis was part-black  which makes jefferson davis the only white american president to have married a black woman . therefore  the south wasnt racist . this is really what these folks believe .
actually impressed that they accurately described him as a white nationalist rather than a white supremacist .
admirable piece by hunter wallace ( ) #womensmarch
advice to politicians : no guts no glory #blog #immigration #noamnesty
ain't that america : how witchcraft empowers queers and trans people via
all this does is put a neon sign over your head that says : milo connects with ppl more
also that's proportional so think about it more people more crime more white people or white people crimes
also the neo-nazi groups and . both sent members to charlottesville and somehow still have twitter accounts .
america doesn't need a white supremacist group in our bedrooms ! !
america's mismanaged wars that costs white taxpayers #nationalsocialism #nationalism
american conservatism managed to kill both body and soul .
american renaissance do you accept irish as white ?
and by white supremacist they mean any white who defends himself against black racists or says anythi
and like i said again you have yet to retweet any racist tweets from me so pretty much you're just a liar that's upset because i've exposed your racist propaganda and anti-black settlement
and the white version pelosi
and they screech that whites are racist ? ? ?
and white cops kill our black men every day .
any white candidates running ?
anyone of european heritage is white.this is basic stuff .
are messy honey ! he said america was a white nation & they need to take it back ?
are there really white people who still live in atlanta ?
are you guys actually racist ? i'm just a wonder brown teenager .
are you like an actual for real white supremacist ?
are you sure ? or did you see a group of black people saying that and then see another group of black people invited to the white house ?
are you white supremacists ?
are your pets white ?
as a christian country . really ? are you do white you deserve more ?
attacking white supremacists is not anti-white .
balochistan loves modi . here's why ... - india tomorrow
because they are the ones that are racist ! !
before he took office he told nyt similar things  but then we saw what he did afterward . he seems to like to troll media in pvt
belgian police hunt for a suspected lone gunman who killed 3 people in a shooting at the jewish museum of belgium .
bjp winning media #aapwinningkashi
bone fragments on the surface at treblinka ? : this is my first postim new to posting  but i've been reading p ...
breaking : #munich shooter id'd as 38 yo cenk uygur  reportedly upset about germany recognizing armenian genocide
building this barrier is more than just a campaign promise-it's a commonsense 1st step to securing our border #
but what about muh higher average iq ?
but white babies can be moved from one white nation to another and nobody knows the difference . white nation ?
cair inspires hate with their hate . vicious cycle . stop the hate .
can the alt-right capitalize on this . this could be a huge wake up call to people . it's crazy
can't see how bannon is considered ' alt-light ' or rejected by the alt right like milo
check out the white voice . a pro-white show tonight 8p m est . creativitytalk.com
check ur white privilege
chris the smirking jew wallace is such a jew .
congress and the executive have clearly shown that they lack the will and intent to secure borders . #texit
conservatism is now the counter culture . you've lost the war .
country needs independent persons in the national interest ramnath goenka told me never accept a position under any govt i had followed it
court got it right in striking down government-mandated speech for #pro-life pregnancy centers
critisizing a religion is not racist . all people who criticize you are ignorant  right ?
cruz showed some of his true colors ! can't turn back !
cuckservatives : trump's white nationalist fans discredit his candidacy via #cuckservative #gopsmartset
danielle i am asking all black media to be nice to before someone gets hurt don't play
day of dialogue 2013 : leave em speechless alliance defending freedom blog
dear please pass this around & take your #hoodsoff so u can see . #opkkk #operationkkk
delhi jama masjid imam bukhari assaults a muslim journalist for supporting hindus . #arrestbukhari
delhi may face black out also . aap wants to create chaos . reducing tariff was our idea but proper
der fhrer  adolf hitler - rare moments in colour ( video ) | read more :
dickson represents the best of our people ! patriot . #auburnuniversity #letspencerspeak
did you get the safety gear memo ? #altright
did you stop to chat about your ethnostate ? how did he take it ?
diversity = not white and straight
do you also comment on bla's twitter asking for their disarmament ? if not  why do you hate white people ?
dobbs : cruz looked like a man intent on committing career suicide  and i think he pulled it off . #rncincle
don't fear  i think the alt right needs to fully get behind a kamela harris campaign rig
don't forget gopal subramanium :-) was also architect of blatantly anti-hindu communal violence bill
don't say i'm violent  or i'll kill you #steynposts #ohiostateattack
dude richard cohen is white .
enjoying a nice lunch . hope your having a nice weekend fam . #altright
evan thinks he's the obergruppenfuhrer of the alt right . he comes across as a sanctimonious know-it-all imo.bad optics .
even the identitarian groups like vangard america and identity europa prefer their members don't have t
ever heard of the x-men ? hybrid mutants that constantly save white people .
everyone is on to you pathological lying racist dullards . tool
exactly and thank you . i have mix grandkids . one latino other is white and black  and both live with me . i'm racist towards idiots pile this guy lol
fact check : trump is right  homicides are up from 2014 to 2015 : #debatenight
fair immigration is a branded hate group . mbership is largely made up of racists and white supremacists . check them out .
federal appeals court dismisses national day of prayer challenge
flawed individuals perhaps  like all of us  but people who were prepared to ri
for small-town america  new immigrants pose linguistic  cultural challenges
forgotten moments in history : rare pictures of the wwii in colour va
former russian jew complaining about bolsheviks ? those are your people .
freedom from religion found . files complaint against christian football coach dabo swinney
from the demoncraps party  still today .
from the looks of it  you don't have a clue what is going on right under your nose in your own planet .
gary cohn praises antifa - - who exist to suppress free speech and free assembly - - for standing up for freedom
gas price hike will reflect very adversely on bjp . crony capitalism charges ! !
glenn beck endorses cruz  compares him to lincoln
global national populist movement abandons trump via
globalist heidi cruz is trending . here is why :
good it's the anti-white party anyway .
good people ! :)
good question cause there is more white people i'm around that i dislike than black people . but i'm around mostly white people .
google white genocide : via
great getting with the program and trump !
great take on charlottesville  the day after  by a woman who attended . via
greek minister likens idomeni refugee camp to dachau
haha  that's a relative term . cities are more spread out in the south than the northeast
hahaha  no body is waking up to your nonsense . white people hate you all . that's the sadd
happy 4th of july ? #liberty #peace
have to chop wood for winter myself . is swinging an axe z #liftwaffe approved cardio ?
having somewhat followed duke and james edwards for a long time  it is obvious we have less rights and freedom every years .
he does a good job pushing the needle further . he offers no solutions  but paints a picture that allows people to arrive at them personally .
he pimps out his half-assed products before promoting any ideas . he seemed okay at first for being alt -
he was actually a white supremacist  he has ties with vanguard america but the attack seems to be his own agenda . he plowed anti protesters .
he will stand by sessions . msm cucks are already standing by him this morning .
he's an overt  despicable racist .
hello my white m8s how are you ?
here is another angle . white car seems to have been pushed from behind . starts at 7:35
here you go using the white supremacists code words like liberal to float your white supremacists propaganda ...
hero of the white race : arthur jensen  passes away . #news #race #aryan #psychology
hes a white supremacist . you support him ; so youre a white supremacist sympathizer . off
hey parrott  tell us about how wallace steals money to pay for black hookers and how spencer is a homosexual pedophile ? you have a long record of blatant disruption .
hi robert ! please follow for important information on se asia . thankyou . we could use your support .
holy shizzz jared taylor just named the episcopalian
how a spanish holocaust victim was exposed as an impostor #swrm via
how many people read that widely unread  perpetually bankrupt cuck dinosaur ? they're as relevant as the john birch society .
how the uniparty lost the white middle class = = = > via
i agree with your first sentence.but not the second . you aren't racist ! you want fair ! justice should be blind to race !
i also think the far left / msm crowd doubling down on white male & 2ndamd hate propaganda is good too . t
i am not alt lite / alt right but even i know that whites made europe .
i am white  would i be saved in your world ?
i assume you guys avoid spaghetti when you wear your robes .
i congratulate amit shah  a robust man of proven ability  efficiency and prudence for getting re-elected as bjp president .
i debated a white dude the other day who argued with me that black folks can't be racist  can you address this please !
i disagree w affirmative action  50/20 / 30 white black other  us demog
i do care who people vote for . if they are voting for marxism they are voting to enslave my family and i into their collective and i take that very personally . they are as much my enemy as marxism itself .
i don't think we should even be trying to silence or stop people we can't control like ns and los .
i guess they'll say the facts are racist angelina
i have always respected the klan even as a kid but never really talked about it .
i honestly thought when i heard npi was going to have an alt-right conference they'd kill their pr .
i like your strong words for president trump !
i love being white via #funny
i love how is supposed to be a white supremacist . like the welsh were ever considered white .
i mean come on it's the #anonymous ! you guys should have changed your password #opkkk
i must admit i'm not willing to die for free speech . but i'm willing to shoot a whole lot of other people for it .
i read other reglion espically christinty as its close to islam and i chose islam ! so r u go
i say with zero hyperbole that i have never met a less humble person than ted cruz . and i work in hollywood .
i started following you just based on the first 8 words of this post .
i think a lot of people have a pathological self-righteousness these days . i think it came from the col
i think this means the optics crowd has a point
i think we found you guys a new supporter
i thought cern banned the alt from showing up ? weird .
i want a white pride rally
i was going to say daily stormer  but i am not sure they exist anymore . still and fit the category .
i was personally advocating for spencer being allowed to speak at isflc . if that still leaves you unconvinced  fine . i couldn't care less .
i will always believe that marriage is between a man & a woman for the creation of life .
i wonder how many cpac guys know just how much the alt right is talked about by college republicans : ^ )
i wonder if this includes those in the muslim ' thursday night club ' ..
i would have supported ted cruz in a heartbeat over hillary . she can't be allowed to win .
i'd see a latino who is pro-nra or a black marine or jewish libertarian as a brother  but not a white communist or white antifa guy .
i'm disappointed that michael flynn resigned . it is a huge mistake to feed the beast . who cares what these people think ?
i'm fairly sure it was this is texas .
i'm looking for more people for my #fantasybaseball league . $ 10 to this week's winner . free to join .
i'm never completely sure what people mean when they say #altright and kind of starting to sour on the term . i'm a right-winger .
i'm sorry you feel people associated with hate you . i am a christian  probably disagree w / you  but i don't hate u . love you .
i'm sure a war with nkorea will improve their mood .
i'm sure justine damond would reject these actions by you disgraces to white members of the human race everywhere . police violence against anyone needs to be called out !
i'm sure milo  ali and lucian wintrich are going to be regular visitors to moore's office .
i'm sure that makes sense . to someone .
i'm sure this is all connected to 4d chess and 4gw that we can't possibly understand .
identity evropa is what is wrong with this country ! white supremacy is destroying america . hate is destroying america .
if americans are considered racist for wanting illegals out of here so that their kids can have a chance in life . i guess i'm racist .
if the tea party and the white nationalist movement develop a program that appeals to non-political white workers ...
if they don't say they are for the white race  upfront  its because they aren't ! so don't expect much !
if u r a #freespeech radical ! #rt #tcot #makedclisten #bansharia
if you can believe in magic underwear  you can believe in ted cruz and the gop
if you don't . we will start our own chapter of white brother hood
ill let hunter speak for his site but identitydixie site is less than a year old . whatever traffic they have now is more than they had this time last year .
illegal aliens rewarded with government appointments | the realist report
important question : are rubio and cruz opposed to birth control ?
in the last year alone  the #trucons have gone from demonizing nathan bedford forrest to andrew jackson
instead of trying to change a system which hates us  rebuild the white community . then the system will have to change .
iowa poll finds ted cruz and donald trump in tight race via
is frc supporting roy moore ?
is going to bring thousands of jobs at dollar general  waffle house and wal-mart to south carolina . join the #cruzcrew
is it the beginning of the end of obamas immigration legacy ?
is racist and bigoted . #screwthewall #nobannowallnoraids
is that right ? i'm not the black women who's part of the same political party that started the ! ! !
is this a white or black pill ?
is white genocide a parody ?
it amazes how every white supremacist ( many claiming to be christian ) grow silent whenever i start asking for biblical references . then again  maybe white supremacy / nationalism / nazism is just unbiblical and contr
it doesn't effect religious liberty one iota.my god  my religion  my faith haven't changed.nor will they .
it is a lesson they desperately needed to learn . these people exist to provide votes for the corporate agenda and when they nominate their own candidates the gop will sabotage them
it is central asia . not white .
it is not just the alt-right . most of the left and mainstream right is also sick and tired of endless wars :
it's #worldtourismday . here are some russian tourists ' on holiday ' .
it's a funny how a #cambodian man & japanese woman were outed as #kkk members . :) #epicfail
its getting less and less by the day . they will be gone totally in 10-15 years ( replaced by
jackson gas station shooting : mississippi h / t cofcc amid the jack hunter scandal and the george zimmerman verd ...
jackson is a sell out to white liberals . listen to malcom x in this video .
jared kushner asserts authority at nsc via
jesus wasn't white .
jew agen ! why can't he  us  them be yazidi ? #islamistheproblem
jews aren't blameless  but nor is anyone . our self-betrayal goes deeper  into the very nature of state itself  which wasn't created by jews .
jews call for white countries to allow all palestinians to move there | more :
ji the game has just began hope it doesn't turn out to be 20-20 matchonly can wish u best of luck
jog to cool down  then laid insulation in attic . #liftwaffe #housegainz
join dr . bishirjian and dr . wood as they assess whether a reaffirmation of the american way of life and the american way of doing business can return to higher education in the united states . #fblive
joined kkk at 187k ! ! !
kejriwal saying house owner offered him the house  its a lie . owner saying it was a proper deal with a broker involved-as lovely  congress
last thing america needs is inspiring more black on white violent crime by defaming modern americans as slavers . #tcot #noconfederate
law and order is state matter  it's cm who are suppose to react on failure of law & order situation in their state not pm
learn about #nationalsocialism at
let me be racist with you .
let's not mislead here . 99.9 % of white people  even white southerners were not doing this  nor would they .
lets re-instigate the sanctuary nation we were meant to be  instead of ignoring our present temporary circumstance .
lewis the racist
lincoln was a yankee supremacist . yankees were white . so were the southerners he butchered .
lol im not . your man crush bashes conservatism and conservatives all the time .
london tube : ied detonated on rush hour train  police say its terrorism
long beach city college ( long beach  ca ) #projectsiege
losing moment to back human-right of #religiousfreedom-international deaths for beliefs-usa can show the world #rfra
lucy is pissy because called out last night's optics as a major fail  which it was .
majority of white men are against adopting a baby of another race . majority of white women are against adopting a white baby .
making america great again is meaningless ? yep  exactly what i expect a cuckservative to say .
many #california drivers licenses going to undocumented immigrants via #immigration
many people witnessed blm an kkk in the same bus  you tell me
me too . that was the exact video . rushton . i was floored at the overwhelming data supporting racial iq differences .
michael moore is the #uncletom of white people
minnesota filmmakers to court : stop state from controlling stories we tell via
modern hate : my story on white nationlist leader of w /
modi has erased any ambiguity about reservation on religious basis . his maha colleagues cm & khadse should shed ambiguity .
morbidly obese people are far more likely to die of a heart attack fyi . because thats wha
more black and white americans need to speak the truth
mr . taylor ... you speak a lot of truth  and i can really relate ... i am a northener .. a white man .. and i am a very proud man of my white race
multiculti london : black gang knife white father to death in front of horrified children via
my point is these white nationalists are quick to give race-based r
my worst enemy human you years na not mar de vo sermoni ? illuminatie will send assassin is you or a genocid of kkk good bay
n my view obama's a radical . he said & did things other liberals were thinking on issues like trangenderism  homosexuality  socialism  white privilege etc . he gave them the courage to express their true hatred of america  white men  christianity  patriotism & american sovereignty
nah man  jews are white
name a single white country that lost its white majority and didn't result in the rape  torture  mutilation  and genocide of white families .
national socialist party knows that obstacles do not exist to be surrendered to  but only to be broken .
never cuck to these shills hunter . #gotyourback
news flash racist m . america is never going to be white again . phasing out immigrants isn't going to change that.get a grip
no  i will happily support trump . but if trump loses  i am not going to support cruz or rubio in november
no civil nationalists believe those people should have never been brought in  as their
no country for minority whites : racist attacks by violent non-whites rising in america | more :
no cultural differences at all . move along . nothing to see here
none of us are excusing true white supremacy .
north texas white unity meeting via
not allowed to represent a white person . and how is it a little baby is so racist ?
not at all . we can do it right . per jared taylor style  yet bring to the public . only reason he's been kept down is because he was 30 years ahead of his time . absolute vanguard . that kind of presentation these days will cast our nets super wide . we will grow faster .
not go out of your way to insult the banner they still largely revere ?
not if im white and you are white . i am critiquing your lack of intelligence .
not sure how i'm a coward . please provide an additional meme to waspplain it to me .
now that is optics .
now trump has done it . now the white house is calling all republicans racist . even the good republicans like me !
npis beyond conservatism was a great success ! more than 100 guests  almost half under 30 . thanks to everyone who came !
obama : many more in us die from gun-related incidents than from terrorism
obama is a racist race baiter
of course ... white
of course not . but they forget who forms the backbone ( and indeed much of the body ) of our armed forces . the majority of southern sons will defend the south  if only because their families would be
of heritage and hate
official campaign gear 100 % made in america #gopdebate #trump
oh my god  the white supremacists are so influential they are already getting racist inscriptions on courthouses !
olaf childress & i talk about his newspaper the first freedom  the war on white america & independent media
one of my main fears about the independent report is that now that its released people will decide that they now know all there is to know and let it go at that .
open race war in charlotte white man attacked at random  kicked in the head  stripped naked daily stormer
or a white christian
or suspected white supremacists .
other  how are you other ? ? you have the preconceived notion dude not me ! you are a man ? yes . you are a human ? yes . well i'm a woman so we differ there  i'm a human so we're same there . oh because you are black and i'm white ? you brought it up see  that's not what i saw first !
outstanding video from filling the void many vacuous professors ignore in higher ed . #unitetheright
overstatement  but fairly accurate sentiment.yet so r media  military  colleges  fortune 500
pew : white majority now believes life has gotten worse via
pl . ask more rss intellectuals to come on powerful #twitter and spread the message of brahma  vishnu and mahesh .
pl . file petition for investigation of cair by etc
pl . follow & support freedom of #balochistan help dismember pakistan to fight iraqi extremists
pl get lost or i will block you
please let us in . we're good boys . white pooooooooower
pm narendra modi trashes opinion polls in last rally  says wind blowing bjps way via
preparing for race war : the south african bootcamps training thousands of white youths via
president obama hosts jewish leaders at white house hanukkah party via #withjewswelose
president trump hosts white house hanukkah party via
pro white & anti jew perfidy hero john friend interviewed on australia's the crazz files
profiling is nothing more than common sense . common sense doesnt make one a racist . the only reason he was branded a racist is because the presstitutes thought he was a white guy .
publishing your own hate filled words isn't a smear campaign . it's justice . you are a hate group .
putting aside the charlottesville debate  what is your opinion on moore ? my blanket condemnation of pe
putting country before race is an entirely white practice .
race riots coming to toledo : national socialists plan return for demonstration | more :
race war : the south african bootcamps which are training thousands of white youths #auspol via
race war in manhattan : black power militants storm restaurants and harass white patrons via
racist bastards is what fair is .
read ' the invention of the white race ' to find out when white culture first came abt !
read up on the paradise ur ancestors came from
reassembling on 14 august 1947 as a sovereign body and successor to the british parliament's authority in india
reflections on some aspects of jewish self-deception : part 1 . introduction
refugees need to have there homeland made safe they can go home and build a new america there . starting with a new teligion
regrettable that people need in-their-face exposure to grasp what should be obvious .
retweeted robert spencer ( ): . you're referring to richard spencer  who is white ...
robert britain has had 500 yrs . of civil struggles to be different . i say we have been leaders in the civil rights of mankind
robertspencer hatemongerbe brave an admit you are fulfills christian / jew zionist hate agenda against
rod dreher : white nationalism in christian high school via
rolling thunder and #religiousfreedom lightening . #rollingthunderxxx
rt : started following to get first hand accounts from people losing their health plans #myhealthplandied
rubio  mccain  romney  graham and establishment gop openly side with antifa and they're still
russian football fan leader ' probably ' expelled from france  for second time  on tuesday
sad but true .
sally kohn blames planned parenthood videos on ' patriarchy  ' ' white supremacy ' via
sanders is a good man ! but what if it's cruz vs hitlery ? lol !
says are white supremists because they fight for legal immigration only ? #lunatic
says masterpiece cakeshop case is a question of compelled speech #religiousfreedom
security guard shot today at frc headquarters via
seriously  this is how the charlottesville police department prepared for unite the right . can you believe the negligence here ?
she's vile for sure . absolute . she offers nothing to our country but hate and violence .
shri rajnath singh meeting with andaman and nicobar islands lt . governor shri ak singh at his residence  new delhi
simple but effective ! #whitegenocide #activism #trump #thursday
slavery created white unison in america through racism . if you dont want
so  do you hate the half jew side of hitler ? or is that where you put your fingers in your ears  and pretend not to hear ? must be confusing
so ' white ' is a ' race ' now ?
so like white ancapistan somalia meets medieval times ?
so racist listen to malcomb x
so what you're saying makes no sense there are literally white people that are members of black lives matter the kkk specifically does not allow black people to join them because they are anti-black so you're really sounding very ignorant sir
so when will you address the long history of cannibalism throughout european history ?
so you all think some white people arent white people ?
socialism is retarded . i will give you credit for not promoting race hate though .
son of jewish refugee who fled nazis becomes perus new president
soooo you point is ... that whites kill and blacks kill ...
southern poverty law center lists > < white supremacist hate group read >
sp ( detective )  gurdaspur  baljeet singh injured in punjab terror attack  rushed to hospital #pb
splc counts black hispanics as white
straight from a white supremacists website lmao
strong message from bohemia : stop anti-white racism ! via
subscribe to americas national socialist publication and support the struggle . #nationalsocialism #politics #wpww
sum 1 said kkk quoted me ? 140 + price of a virgin = marriage or other virgin 4  b4 others !
suppose their tacit effort is to recast america as an ever-liberal project rather than the reality of its white nationalist root
sure  gonna add some step ups too since we got steps as well . might curl the rifle a few times as well . been doing arm circles all morning
sure . they do have a right . this is america . :-)
sure they do they just aren't all racist like u
surgical strike on saint kejriwal by people of delhi ... must watch.rt & spread the proof . ;) #blackmoney
tax cuts only for businesses that hire legal workers ! #afire #tcot #p2 #sotu #jobs
ted cruz has raised millions from new york donors
ted cruzs wife heidi on task force which wrote building a north american community report aimed at abolishing america via
terrorist hub pakistan is directly supporting terrorism against usa and neighbor india usa knows that taliban is ...
thank you ! i know - people stop me in the street to ask me where i go ! !
thank you identity evropa ! this is what is what is needed .
thanks and still standing for freedom
thanks for rting and sharing the news of pastor nadarkhani !
that's not enrichment mate . we don't follow the prophet and we have our own judicial system that doesn't state women's testimony is 1 /
that's partially true since white suprmacy dominates every facet of human existence . here are the 9 areas so you have them .
that's where i disagree white extremism is out white supremacy is fair game so long as open hate is not expressed
thatis so true my friend . black & whites must stand together with all colors as americans .
thats stupid and ignorance attacking mix race couples how about u let people live there lives and there is no white genocide
the #hypocrisy on the #cnndebate is just too disgusting and infuriating . tv - off #ows #oo #freedom #liberty #truth
the #trucons who are wailing today about tranny restrooms put dennis hastert in charge of the house of representatives
the aa  chicanos etc have been doing it for decades . it's time we be the university now
the alt-right is no fun anymore  that is the problem .
the area on the left is largely ungoverned  has < 4 million people in it and is > 3x the size of germany . buy it from local warlords powers .
the clintons are going to bury us in their sleaze while the media blames trump for being a victim of it . america = failed state .
the csa is a nation and the confederate nation and people still exist today . true nations come together in times of crisis .
the dark age renaissance of northern europe : western europe how about something completely different ?
the dark black  hood-wearing #antifa are indeed a dark force--and an evil force . sunlight on their face
the ghosts of hitler's european fortress : world war two bunkers in holland  france and belgium #swrm
the high risk pakistan visit of shri is not to the liking of nationalist citizens  pm's security is most important
the holocaust never happened ... : barricades the door :
the latest the conservative american herald ! thanks to #tcot #billwarnerphd
the media definitely wanted to make a shitshow out of it like charlottesville and clai
the northwest front . all white  all straight .
the price of white existence is being called racist .
the push and poll of life ... : our lord heard ourto changeofcitizens to know abortion is evil this season
the rules for white people at michael brown vigil in torontorevealed via
the threats against #religiousfreedom are real  and americans are pushing back . we're #freetobelieve .
the white dilemma by brother
the white house isn't a city .
the white movement
then hbu tell me how i'm racist go on ...
then the lame stream media foams at the mouth [ lies on top of lies ]
there are more white voters than people think . thats good news for trump .
there are movements in spain / italy / greece just like ie . they are white countries  doesn't mean everyone in them are white . european = white .
there are several people  at least  who were h
there are tens of millions of white muslims . they live in the west  bosnia  serbia  kosovo  macedonia  bulgaria  and russia .
there is nothing more american than white nationalism .
they also killed 100 million people  most of whom were not nazis - but other communists .
they're a hate group  they hate people who come to our country and commit murder .
they're overseeing the discrimination of white and asian people in college admissions . if we had a diff
thing is black cops kill just as much as white cops . so race is actually irrelevant . so the colour blue is the killer .
third world immigration will make europe and america increasingly resemble the third world . #confessyourunpopularopinion
this is a terrible strategy my dude  the media has run w / the same narrative for 70 yea
this is completely stereotyping any immigrant  has the white race done anything bad to anyone ? anything ? !
this is my paternal lineage english coat of arms . we're of european origin  have been here for a long time  and yes . we built this nation .
this is nothing  just wait until the t bill interest rate goes up and we start diverting more taxes
this is racist . no white people here  or jews .
this thing with ie took us by surprise . then again  it wasn't a surprise because it is the logical conclusion of optics cucking . disavowing the entire movement  not just us  is an untenable position
those crooked politicians dems or rinos will never admit fault . they sold their souls for power and money .
those was statues of democrats lol
time to vote out the swamp .
toni valtonen : a white warrior from the mma ( video )
true . were simply not at a point were wn is acceptable to the public . decades of subversion has ensured that  not optics
trump  white nationalists  the media via
trump didn't know a black man did the deed so he's still racist because he didn't assume a white man did it & denounce white hate
trump has gotten stale . no more energy now that he's focused on standard boring gop corporate agenda
trump's america would slam the door on people like me
typo > without white people
u gotta be on these white folk they wilin out here
ur a freakin hack ! how do u know that isn't a massive smear campaign by the media and e
ur defense of white supremacy & ur quick result in presenting sources from a white nationalists thinking tank like is curious
us supreme court declines to hear case of school graduation at church auditorium .
utopia's don't exist . if your utopia is only white  then you might
va shooter says he killed white reporters to avenge charleston shootings . $ 20 somehow white people are blamed .
via : canada-based muslim charged with jihad plots to kill americans and support jihad terr ... #tcot
video : anti-white race war slasher music clip teaches black children to hate and massacre whites via
voter insecurities feed rise of right-leaning populist politicians
wake up people
wallace has an excellent point there .
wasn't obongo 50 % white ?
watch ! color footage of berlin in 1936 before the second world war #swrm #ww2 #berlin via
we can no longer be silent about this . people of all races must come together and speak out against the deliberate displacement of whites
we fight to end the exploitation of the #workingclass . join us :
we live in a fallen age  when even once-hallowed christian traditions like transparently shilling for the aipac lobby are met with derision .
we only want a future for our people . to secure the existence of our people . there is a definite agenda against us . we don't hate anyone .
we should start calling them jewish since they're white as well .
well it certainly would be odd for anyone other than a white person to be a white supremacist ? especially a black man .. common sense much ?
well it seems you know more than the scholars  the military  and the leadership . maybe you should tweet them and set them straight .
well now i've got proof for libs when accused of being a racist for supporting potus  i drink pepsi !
well people in the us chose to die 90 a day by guns . i guess we'll take a minuscule fr
well you are smart and not a racist so that helps
well.sorry the thing happened and people were hurt  and being white just glad he was stopped now matter his race
west virginia senate committee passes ban on abortions after 20 weeks
what handicap are you speaking of ? - more whites  who are also victims of white supremacy should speak out against the injustices instead of just killing themselves the white male suicide rate is a whopping 67 % .
what is it with black n white pills ? red and blue i get ...
what tires me most about liberal identity politics is that they claim to increase powe
what vindication for us ! and what jackasses shaun king and all the white
what's a white supremacist ? aren't you just anti-white ?
what's the aim of simply marching ? do you hope to overturn white geno
when a british prime minister praised adolf hitler as greatest living german via
when manmohan singh offered to resign third time as fm  narsimha rao got very upset on his drama
when megyn bravely say there and told us both santa and baby jebus are white .
when will #white america realize that national socialism is the answer ...
white ? portuguese ? give us a break
white antiquity is a social construct . just like whiteness . get it now ? / 5
white founded lol
white genocide accelerates in italy : some italian schools are now majority non-white via
white is not a race . there are no known discrete genetic markers that define
white is right   what is left
white man 2016
white man march what is the white man march ?
white people are 65 percent of the population and own most of the guns and ge
white people r immigrants here  especially the east european ones #hewillnotdivideus #hwndu
white people who aren't yjcs .
white privilege  white guilt  reparations  dear white people  whiteness studies .
white privilege contest riles up connecticut town via
white supremacists are not falsely accused of anything
white supremacists were only strong in the democrat party .
white supremacy is an ideology . gay marriage isn't .
whites  < 1 % incest marriage  arabs  50-70 %
whites in white tie
who cares if our descendents lose their country and become a beleaguered minority ? we will still have taco bell and corporate capitalism lol
who's lying about white supremacists ... the only one doing the lying are the white supremacists ... and many whites side with us against white supremacy
why are tenn state parks hosting white supremacist 2017 ?
why are you guys basicly pro white non jew bernie sanders ?
why associate yourself with the biggest l in the 20th century ? the reich was gonna be 1000 years right ? didn't quite make it  huh ?
why didn't spencer have an alt-right death squad surrounding him at all times ?
why do you think you represent white people ?
why don't you tell us ? i'm sure it will be wonderful pr . go on .
why india trade with other countries in $ only . look for more options
why not take a look at haiti or liberia or somalia or chad where black people were free from redlining ?
why you so white
will the white race survive ? in texas  7 in 10 children under age 1 are non-whites via
with alliance virtually sealed  ss likely to win around 95/151 seats  bjp around 100/130 . will probably rotate cm post
wondering which black president the kkk likes the least . bill or obama . crooked
would like to think so but people don't want the truth . they would have to alter their self indulging lives
wow ! how racist can a person be ? ! i love #diamondsandsilk you tell him !
written by white dude ?
yeah  well  you owe this anti white a coffee
yes you are right white woman woudve been gone already !
yet it only makes me dig my heels deeper . they will not win .
you are just a modern day version of those hate-filled white women in civil rights pictures and footage .
you are white
you can be as racist as you like  because the only race i see is the human race  and last i checked  you are part of it . #bitches
you definitely have the look of a white supremacist
you don't like white people ?
you don't think white supremacy exists ?
you dont have white pride  you have white insecurity . go find a decent job and a woman  and you wont need to blame sad life on minorities
you guys need to use the civil rights laws and sue those companies . it's clearly racial discrimination .
you make pop - shot comments ... stupid really ...
you mean white mass ?
you people don't understand how much we hate you . we'd elect darth vedar just to spite you .
you pl . read this carefully and share
you retweet white supremacists and say this ?
you're delusional if you think anything elected donald trump besides white americans voting for white interests .
you're not activists
your argument that europeans only exist as individuals and no broader culture exi
your point being that people who are willing break small laws / rules aren't prone to repeated offenses or greater crimes ?
your white
youtube just permanently deleted my interview for ' hate speech ' . this is the next purge after their de-monetisation spree . seriously worrying
zimbabwe set to give white farmers 90 days to vacate their farms via
zio coup in white house # via
"  "" indigenous british "" "" ? ! - - "" "" british identity "" "" ( 18th cen . ) = an attempt to slather the island's celtic identities with an english gloss . """
"  "" loe "" "" out loud  robert ! ! """
"  "" police continue to stand down  people will get shot "" "" then i brought up that's already hap """
"  "" sure they're pretty  but can they fight ? "" "" - gen vernon ( nmn ) pinkley - """
"  "" there was a study "" "" [ no link ! ] ... i'd like to see this peer-reviewed "" "" study "" "" you're referencing . it's prob . some fat white dude's blog ... """
"  "" white people "" "" . you are a racist """
"  "" white power "" "" consist of .. """
" ' holocaust ' debate / comments / news david cesarani dies aged 58 : david cesarani  british  "" holocaust educato ... """
" 1 . i asked his three closest  "" white nationalist "" "" allies  he did not use a "" "" racist "" "" pen name . """
" 4 /  "" ... however  when violence crosses racial lines it does so in a very unequal manner . "" "" """
" :  "" ... the reality that babies feel pain during an abortion as early as 20 weeks into a pregnancy "" "" ; """
" ancestry than rest of south . i wonder how much it rlly is since  "" scots-irish "" "" was not an option on the survey . """
" and ban hate speech has become  "" ban milo the gay immigrant that loves everyone and everyone else's free speech "" "" """
" build a really  "" yuge "" ""  bigly wall around the white house to protect america from the idiot . """
" fox news sunday - tony perkins & ted olson on same-sex  "" marriage "" "" and the courts : via """
" he never  "" defended "" "" white nationalists . maybe some were good people on """
" i agree completely . i can't stand it when people promote tolerance . such low expectations . it's only slightly above  "" hating people . "" "" i prefer love . st . paul reminds us that it is the greatest of all gifts . """
" if by  "" cucking "" "" you mean having good optics  then i call bsshitty optics wouldn't have made it any better """
" if you molest little boys as speaker of the house while touting your  "" family values  "" "" you might be a #cuckservative """
" is  "" hate "" "" just a synonym for "" "" white "" "" now ? """
" lolololol if believes could do that  there wouldn't be  "" others "" "" . non-believers would be the flat earthers instead of the other way around . """
" mark steyn :  "" no serious person thinks spencer and geller are any threat to ' public order ' "" "" """
" my take is america is in transition ~ where it will take us ( american people & the country  "" remains to be seen """
" no i'm just using psychology which i have a phd in . this is the psychology pathetic racist white  "" men "" "" like you have ... you are jealous that us melanated men have more testosterone and bigger dix and white women prefer us so you lash out . psych 101 . """
" or a  "" white "" "" male """
" r peters said it  "" kill isis and then kill his pet goat "" "" """
" radix journal   etc . get called  "" moderate . "" "" they've attracted a ton of people . pat buchanan has  too """
" rt  "" apparently  the democratic race isnt over until the white guy  bernie sanders  says so "" "" """
" rt  "" in 1960  the population of the united states was 85 % white ; by 2060  it will be only 43 % white "" "" """
" rt  "" pearls before swine "" "" is back in stock at soleilmoon  now with a nice low price . it's "" "" the first film shot beyond ... """
" rt . had write its #nj marriage statement.you know  the guy who admits he wants to jail /  "" export "" "" gays """
" rt donald trump :  "" homicides increased last year by 17 % "" "" #rncincle """
" rt i hate how some cucks are feeding into the  "" hurr durr old white people "" "" mindset regarding dem candidates . """
" rt i'm with you bob . we don't hear about americans anymore unless it's to discredit  "" something "" "" . it's sick """
" rt j taylor on james j kirkpatrick's long retreat into  "" respectability "" "" on matters of race rt : """
" rt rafael  "" ted "" "" cruz would make a good president of israel or canada ... """
" rt urgent : isis is plotting an  "" imminent "" "" attack against jewish schools in turkey - skynews """
" scanning through the article  i read this as  "" the return of voters who are decent people with normal views . "" "" """
" steve bannon highlights the  "" war "" "" being waged on the republican establishment . watch his full speech at . #vvs17 """
" the media is trying push this  "" omg nazis everywhere "" "" narrative . i would be very skeptica """
" the meme below refers to the south  not  "" america . "" "" """
" to show a picture of a mosque and say  "" we are all tennesseans "" "" makes a mockery of any idea of history  place  people . """
" top story : tassos on twitter :  "" whites are like 9  see more """
" true . of course  church pastors lead the way . many are misguided due to political agendas . social justice  the  "" green "" "" agenda  blm  racism . """
" trump can't even say   "" i like white people . i love white people "" "" but he can say it abo """
" unless the  "" white men "" "" are muslim of course ! """
" well  it hasn't so far . when does the  "" pretty girl "" "" factor kick in ? after the election ? cruz now losing & dropping to 3rd place """
" when they say  "" native "" "" it is referring to people that are legal not white people """
" who says they do . your  "" faith "" "" based opinions have nothing to do with the law . """
" yeah  "" state "" "" as in whole planet """
" you have a very different definition of  "" white supremacy "" "" than sane people . """
" you would not be  "" de-platformed "" "" if you weren't a cuck """
" zach d roberts  antifa  "" journalist "" "" is also on that side . be on the lookout . """
#aclu fights against white working class :
#bongosforcuckolds #cuckservative #degeneracy
#hongkong police start removing protest barricades | daily india news
#istandwithhatespeech because jews and anti-white leftists should no longer control what is acceptable to discuss and think about
#jcot #tcot #jihad taliban jihadists abduct 50 afghan policemen via
#latest : police conducted raids in #berlin & northern #germany in search of 4 men w / suspected links to #isis ( 1/1 )
#nehru helplessly saw hindus being killed .. rss formed 3000 relief camps for hindus being thrown out of pakistan  during partition #rss4india
#the_crybaby_racist ! racist cry
#trucons sow the seeds of social disintegration ( liberty  equality  radical individualism )  but hate the result :
#trumpindallas crowd more white than robes
#trumprally christian times newspaper is a parody news site . they publish fictional stories .
#tweetni proud white women speak out against white genocide ( video ) via
$ 3m suit claims holocaust novel's plot was stolen from documentary via
' holocaust ' debate / comments / news who's really doing the ' incitement to racial hatred ' ? : those who critic ...
( ( ( their ) ) ) chutzpah has put the vindication of #altright out in the open .
( 12 of 12 ) republican is the racist way too many of trumps racist actions to list all here but i have a 6 - page list & growing :
. & talk #religiousfreedom and the presidents easter prayer breakfast remarks now on .
. - for faith . for justice . for life ! #whywemarch #weareprolife
. check out how youtube censors jared taylor's 10/4 video about freedom of association ... can't even share !
. contends coeur d'alene city spokesman keith erickson lied to press in #hitchingpost story . #lgbt
. monetarily true  but on just about any other measurable  false . fdr doled out the money to keep the south in line
. once argued partial-birth abortions nec . for women's health . were they lying then  or breaking the law now ?
. we . don  t need any  until they prove to be safe for us  to be arround them .
... and i am also against toxic people in other movements . if you want my
... and you ain't getting your goddam racist wall either ...
... etc was shutting down speech . people had enough and said no more picking on genteel academics and lone women . antifa crying now is funny .
... is one which has fewer peers with which citizens can identify and less cooperation  less altruism  and more competition  ...
15 minutes before you go to sleep ; mr pm dismiss all swiss agents
18 / breaking news : individuals have ethnic and cultural identities and loyalties which they find meaningful
2 ji  for many years u mocked my nation and pm under protection of article 19 . can i use same to ask few short & sweet questions ?
2018 will be a referendum on keeping their promises . 2016 was already a referendum on obama's failures and the media .
3 months of #liftwaffe lifting complete today . am trying to do ric flairs 30 min of > 100 rpm on bike as warmup .
: adolf hitler : england does not want peace - 8th november 1939 ( video ) )
: angry  white and proud : new documentary on english nationalism ( video )
: donald trump's horrifying charlottesville statement via
: god love you  sir ! and god save the south !
: great selection of racial videos to watch :
: he should b charged w / murder . he created the environment that lead 2 antifa attacking the car that killed t
: honolulu mosque imam and 2 muslims in hi complained to court .
: it's being covered and documented . it went from alt right to white nationalists to white suprema
: just interviewed robert spencer at the #yafnh event will be up at my youtube channel later #tcot #hfwt #p2
: mandate halted : good news for bible publisher challenging abortion pill mandate .
: must read ! adolf hitler : my political testament ( given at berlin  29 april 1945  4 am . ) via ...
: new study from shows networks ignore marriage redefinition impact on businesses
: proud white women speak out against white genocide ( video )
: southern bapt . florist loses religious liberty case appeal . aims for scotus
: the southern poverty law center ( ) on the blatant lies of & ( #vvs11 )
: there is no left vs right . the fight is nationalist vs globalist . god's people vs satan's people .
: via islamic state outside white house : we are everywhere #catholic
: well  i do plan on red-pilling pretty much the whole alt-lite . i'm sure i'm not the only one . #adlprophylactic
: yep . he is going after everyone  silicon valley  cuck gope  javanka led trump admin  all of it
> > lives in the usa > * europe > and you said white people are the superior race ?
` there are no white supremacist thats a hate slur used by anti whites
a black white supremacist ? you people get stupider by the day .
a star is born 20th april  1889
a straight up genocidal racist psychopath
a truly professional organization filled with the best our people .
a white guy pretending to be black ?
abc hits obama from left on immigration  hypes anger this morning among hispanics
about to attempt 405 for first time since hurting my back a year ago  wish me luck if y'all don't hear from me again antifa got me
absolutely true . they publish endless kat timpf columns just to gin up faux outrage  not because they seriously oppose pc
actually  people have realized that judging people by race  no matter who does it  leads to nothing  and we should be judging one's merits .
admiral ramdas write 2 leela ramdas #aaptards daughter kavita  head of ford foundation in india
african country #chad bans the islamic niqab after suicide bombings -
afrikaner white nationalist town of orania continues to expand | more :
agreed ! but nice to see no violence from antifa
all . i see is vile white and black supremacist in the tweets
all white males .
all you're giving me are examples of other white nationalists or their ove
also  by calling out both sides he forced media and dems to back antifa  f'ing brilliant  played them again
alt-right is wlm .
amazingly  people still view things like this as a victory and totally ignore the real results .
america was never white and will never be white
american nationalism until the 1950s was basically white nationalism
americas poorest white town proves link between race and crime #swrm via
an attendee of charlottesville mentioned seeing taped bug foggers being thrown by antifa .
an honest conversation about race | jared taylor and stefan molyneux
and i want every white person in america to see this and get inspired ! this must continue
and since u have the answers.why do white people murder black people unjustly ?
and they're too stupid to realize that they're hurting their own cause . assaulting people who disagree with you won't change their minds .
and trump is very calculated . i'm sure he has plans for bannon to do his thing .
and who likes and re-tweets there own tweets ?
another racist raises her ugly head following the female florida senator making her racist remark .
antifa are * literally * fighting isis in iraq and syria .
antifa are fighters for equality and freedom for everyone but white southerners and white people in montana and arizona .
antifa are gaining a reputation for violence that no amount of media spin will wash away . that's a good thing
anybody who thinks that trump supporters are all racist white men ought to take a look at my list of followers and shut their mouths .
apparently an security guard was shot this morning . my thoughts are with all involved . and let me add once again : i loathe guns .
april is #whitehistory month ! here's some ideas on spreading the good word of #nationalsocialism - #workingclass
archaeologists : viking age older than what believed #swrm via
are all white nationalists like ? #whitepower #whitestrength #hammerskins #photoshop #limpbizkit #sadboy #notscary #gotothegym
are there any kkk members that aren't inbred or special needs ?
are you also still not a white nationalist as i remember you claiming ?
are you going to be there waving your white power southern nationalist flag ? #ferguson
are you saying nazism and pro-white identity are linked ?
as 30th april dawns we mourn the death of greatest military genius fuhrer . national socialism as a lively philosophy has to evolve over time
as a white man myself i can say you are white trash ! just clarifying !
as i was saying  my anglo-american ancestors created a new society that was an extension of england . they didn't join the powhatan indians
as things get more precarious  most tentative whites in countries like us & aus will cast off hive narr
as we know jared taylor and dylann roof both think jews are white .
astonishing that people laid down and accepted the invasion of #privacy and destruction of #freedom that came with the #tsa .
authorized #altright rally gets cancelled  resulting in violent clashes with the unauthorized counter-p
banned : bing cosbys white christmas song is now officially racist | full story :
be afraid  exultant greek neo-nazis warn rivals - yahoo ! news canada via
be it black r white .
because he is #potus & should lead by example bring us together sell hope not polarize the population basically act like a mature adult
because he is a populist
benedict boehner if anyone is lucifer it's obama or hillary . boehner you are a crybaby and a disgrace !
bernie  bernie  bernie : sanders wars against nominee's faith :
bingo . the goal is to destroy mainstream conservatism . everything else trump may or may not do as president is a bonus
black and white
black and white nationalist united for freedom twitter account set up to start a dialogue between white and black nationalist
black and white working poor are in the same boat.to keep power  the rich always turn the poor against each other by race . we are on them .
black pride is acceptable . white pride is racist . right ?
black racism leads to fist fights white racism leads to racist law
blacks are the racist ones here obviously . it's not even close to labor day ! white is a summer color !
blm needs a copy of that chart . blm should consider # of black children not committed to by their own fathers .
blumenthal is a typical jew politician who is frightened when a white man asks questions about the judiciary & judges . #gorsuch
boehner  undeterred  moves forward on immigration #noamnesty via
breitbart is the swamp milo crawled out of .
british professor and canadian university student arrested over terror attack in bangladesh via
british royals in india must apologize for #jalianwala bag massacres of innocent indians
bro  it's vastly more complicated than that . milo might even be assassinated by the deep state
btw are you a real person-person ? i ask because gluck = cuck . seems too good to be true if
btw you don't need to be % 100 to be white . you just need to be white .
build a wall around the cali state lines ... call it prison .
but  but  but ... white people .
but he's a racist .
but it looks like saving the white race won't be working out for you anyways ..
but tell me how many whites were involved in those murder totals in chicago - the data seems to be incomplete
but the rate of white on white rape is astronomical .
by the way robert  shias don't believe in sahih bukhari / muslim . will you be addressing their own hadiths in future ?
can i join the alt right ?
can i join your clan fellow white brother ... white power
can't wait to see your quest for the wall  hit the wall  sputter and die . the only thing will give you is the middle finger
canadian pm : islamic terrorism - how racist ! an insult to the downtrodden muslim race < lol @ race . #edl #wlf
case in point . guy mistakenly thought he was an outsider here . if you are white  if you are pro-white  you are in the movement . simple as that .
christian white terrorists don't make up all white people . wait a minute  was this a trap ?
christianity isn't supposed to cuck out for babylonian doctrines . there are many christians in the ..
christians don't wanna kill muslims in america .
christians who kill and hate are not following jesus thus they are fake .
climb down off your cross . we are the most privileged people in history
completely understandable  but theres a narrative here . the calls for white people to
congratulations to & all of the men who stood today at a successful & peaceful #whitelivesmatter rally !
conservatism  inc has a book telling you all about the wonders of the brand new populist conservatism . funny  it stinks a lot like the old neoconservatism .
conservatism inc . exists to prevent this connection from taking place .
cruz crew : georgia illustrates why you arent takenseriously
cuck erickson  rick wilson and ben shapiro should be at the top of the list
cuck gerson : for the sake of the republican party  both trump and cruz must lose
cucks always side with the left . see france and austria for recent examples :
cuckservatives : paul ryan is a classical liberal via
cuckservatives : trump refuses to bow to political correctness on federal judges via
daca is and was a an illegal program to facilitate an amnesty program in order to make seem that amnesty is the only humane thing to do ! con
david duke : the real racism of the ethnic cleansing of european americans at universities via
dead baby jokes at planned parenthood : not funny  give us back our tax ; via
dear  wouldn't it be easier and cheaper to paint black people white than deport them all ? ? ?
dear arnab delhi citizens are daring to have one more referendum in formation of aap govt in delhi
dear white people  only you can be racist . signed  everyone not white .
deconstructing planned parenthood's hypocritical new motto
defending jared taylor : my podcast where i defend jared taylor against a youtube attack by the bloated manosph ...
degenerate black racist murdered young white national socialist for swastika tattoo via
delete your racist account . i want sanctuary from your stupid tweets
dems don't worry about color hate is hate to them
did i blame white people ? i don't think i did
did you know you can use your smartphone to advance the #prolife cause ? learn how at #prolifecon :
did you see trump's nafta tweet ? another white pill
didnt you hear ? black ppl cant be racist !
do some research on when / who formed the klan and you will have plenty of proof if you choose to accept it
do u guys welcome any color or race
do you back a racist who is too scared to come out as muslim and gay ?
do you consider john podesta white ?
do you ever feel stupid saying this is a white country #nativeamericans
do you really think that average  every day people are morally startled by these events ? i
document confirms british were plotting to invade germay before germany invaded poland via
don't forget your white hood !
don't they always brag of cultural sophistication . this is the other nottheast . ethnic whites . catholics etc
dr . david duke : the racial murder and rape of white women in america va
dr . william pierce : george lincoln rockwell  a national socialist life |: via
dual standard media.man with 10 children is a national hero & management guru.other who just talk abt 4 is a shame .
dysfunctional  broken human beings.you rage at winners like trump less out of ideology than a seething
editorial : campus censors wave the white flag ; free speech wins at n . c . state - #ncpol #1a
eh  gi does stuff like this and they've been immensely successful .
elder i am considered a white hispanic . they cannot make up their freakin little minds ! ! ! they suffer from race dyslexia .
equality for all dude  regardless of skin color  religious view or political party .
every american as long as your skin is white ?
every one of these riots knocks down the idea that charlottesville was some kind of unique threat to the nation .
everyone's a 1940s slur now . dehumanizing us . sets the stage for violence . antifa steps in .
except we don't behead queers and rape women unlike folks on the right . but sure  we terrorize white supremacists
eyewitnesses knock down conspiracy theories about lavoy finicum dying on his knees #oregonstandoff
facts . workers of all colors are the enemy .  black / white . send us to
faggotry and dikeism is anti white as they will eventually kill off the white lines since they r unnatural in mating
fair immigration is a branded hate group made up of racists & white supremacists . check them out . this is a nasty group .
fair immigration is a hate group full of racist garbage and white supremacist . check them out .
fair leaders have ties to white supremacist groups and eugenicists and have made many racist statements ...
fbi director admits he underestimated jihad terror threat
flowers at the abortion clinic
for the record wally  white australians are immensely proud of our unique heritage . the reason
for the white farmers over there i mean
fu racist john tanton and fair . you hace employed holocaust deniers  klan lawyers and white supremacists . #trumpinauguration #weseeyou
fuhrer was madly loved by his people .
fundamentally  we're creating a nation for our own people .
funny . i suddenly envisioned the same thing just last night : they are not going to allow whites to propagate at some point .
funny white supremacists
fusion lawbreakers advising how to break #usa laws
fuuuuuuuck you . ( and in white lol )
ge filed 57000- page tax return ; paid no taxes on $ 14b in profits ... #corruption and #greed #ows #n17
george wallace would have been president .
german liberal extremist apologizes to refugees on facebook after gang raped by migrants via
german panzer tank wrecks recovered in bulgaria | read more : via
german terror attacks spark call for armed soldiers on streets for first time since ww2
get #prolife twibbon here : provided by :-) spread the word
give me a break  the #kkk is a racist hate group  not a religion . cc :
go away jew boy ! #jewishsupremacy #israeldid911 #usury #istandwithsweden #whitegenocide
going live w / & now to talk #charliehebdo and religious tolerance . #cavuto
good luck with that . a new york billionaire who hates people like you is just what you need .
great ! pile on the hate bigotry & racism #jeffsessions #gopdebate #repubicans
great idea . let's get this wall built . way to go . #buildthewall
great podcast for those interested in white identity #whitenationalism #whitepride # via
great selection of free national socialist books to download : #whitepride #whitepower
great to see christmas return to the white house !
gregory hood analyzes the strange  persistent appeal of american psycho
gutierrez follows through on holocaust auschwitz grant : while gutierrez is identified mainly with immigration ...
hardcore white supremacists ? seriously ?
has been labeled a hate group by . so  anyone promoting #stopsanctuarycities you now know is a white nationalist
has this uncanny ability to absolutely define ppl for who they are : #littlemarco #trump2016 #maga
have to admit  venkaiah naidu's press conf are quite entertaining . reporter - modi declares he's married  venkaiah-so  what's your problem ?
he assaulted people and it's on tape . deal with it .
he finally stopped and invited me to chat at the mosque in d c or orlando fla some time .
he is a white guy pretending to be a black guy and everybody knows he is a white guy . he doesn't care t
he was incredibly condescending .
he was too young to get a job  he was an innocent 15 yr old and shot by police with a rifle . #jordonedwards
he would miss the free white house
he's not even white .
he's not white - he's dead .
he's one of the sharpest people in the greater dissident right wing move
heroine bad  it will kill you  kill unborn good !  happy easter
hindus don't have any issues with white race  as aryans we are closer to nordic races .
hindus respect white man's and white woman's achievements in science and their liberal values .
hope is not lost . has some positive news you might like to see :
hopefully he addresses it in his speech and he keeps true to what he campaigned on . then can call media fake .
how are those corporate sponsored political views working for ya ?
how can a statue be racist ?
how could any white people be racist  after seeing such a fine example of african beauty as this sheboon .
how do they define it now days ? being white and being patriotic is now called being white nationalist
how does feel about asking his mistress to abort his unborn child ? :/ /
how else do they get a ' pure white ' country ? funny thing is ' whites ' without realising could have african or south asian heritage . xd
how many years have #truconservatives had to overturn roe v . wade ? at least 40 years  right ? #trumpsfault
how much you wanna bet his bow's draw weight is less than 50lbs ?
however  if it's filled w / white  racist  anti semites t
i + just + supported + #protestpp + #defundpp + today . + on + + / / +
i am sure you are making huge contributions to white culture !
i congratulate ji for the conference that'll mark definite beginning of women-led development as envisioned by pm
i didn't hear call him a democratic gay black racist either  did you ? !
i don't believe there is evidence of him being a white nationalist . he is white  therefore
i dont know ... the swastika makes a strong statement . national socialism ! it might not be what you think #ows
i dont live in the west and i will never do  there is nothing better than living in a true muslim country
i employ many people in hawaii at my great hotel in honolulu . ill be there very soon . vote for me  hawaii !
i enjoy watching old black and white westerns
i get called racist all the time  par for the course being white .
i graduated university about a decade ago & now live in a small ukrainian settlement with no campus lol
i hate socialism though
i hear some white man went to ny to kill a black . that's the real story of the day hunter . this attack was just a cry for help .
i like how punjabo hussein became the gatekeeper of conservatism
i mean  what we said would happen is happening though  right ? those people are losing influence .
i see nothing wrong with pride in ones white race . blacks  mexicans jews all are .
i stand with sessions . i stand with trump . and i stand with the russian people  who beat back the bolsheviks now in charge of us media .
i think they already knew who they were dealing with . this in no way exonerates spencer's massive own goal two months ago .
i'm pretty sure all the mestizo from surrounding nations mass migrated to argentina because they wanted it .
i'm starting to think no one hates white people more than and
i'm sure the police will arrest him shortly lol . or he'll turn into the next punching bag  either way his career is ruined xd
i've probably met people just like them .
ice agents outnumbered 5 to 11000 illegals  cheer new trump hires via
if monarchy was that good why did they throw it off ? when there was less of a threat people demand freedom
if there's a specific message that conflicts w / my convictions ... i can't promote that . - blaine adamson #freetobelieve
im not exaggerating  it makes a big difference to people on the fence if a chunk of the rally is unkem
imagine if midwestern whites voted as tribal as southern ones  there would never been a democratic president again !
in 21st century german people are not having freedom of expression . this is unacceptable . end this gag and we will
in fact  we already know jason kessler is cnn . wallace may be cnn too . go out and get them great ratings .
inaugurated the vivekananda cultural centre at the indian embassy & visited the exhibits there .
india & mauritius sign the protocol for amendment of the convention for avoidance of double taxation & the prevention of fiscal evasion .
interfaith outreach in syria : missile hits catholic school  one child dead  61 injured
iowa : outrage after students wear patriotic attire to basketball game  deemed offensive daily stormer
iron heart book is now being translated into german deutsche & will be published in germany in summer . chapter 1 is done ...
irs has illegal immigration and taxes problem via
is a hate group . #marchagainstsharia is a hate rally . full stop . #counteracthate
is a must follow for all racially aware nationalists ... an excellent webpage also ... #smashmarxism #14w
is it british rule today ?
is this due to the attack on british parliament ?
is white nationalism real ? :
isis  kkk  gop  even nazis all claim to do god's work .
israel doing what muhammad bin qasim did in sindh or ghaznavi did in india .
israeli zionists jews control white west
it is a challenge for to solve munde's death mystery . accident theory not correct .
it is not just anti-white  it is anti-american . stop trying to make hate acceptable  un
it seams the people who keep calling people racist are the real racist ones  because that's all they think about .
it would be great if we moved the overton window to the point where dude bros start up alt right  backed frats on campus .
it would go against the narrative that only white republicans can be racist and that the lefts boot holding downall men women of every color
it would seem that the primary concern for the #military is preparedness  not transgender sensitivity training .
it's gotten to the point where the left oppose anything that makes them uncomfortable . sorry kids but the world is not a safe space .
it's no secret he's hypocritical white people hating black racist . black racists should b expose more . no free pass
it's simply more important to continue and to be seen than anything else . our message is what will win . no matter the optics ! how bout we just unite ourselves for a change ?
its ideologically cleansing white thinkers . not only are whites physically impeded from campus through aa  we're being ideologically banished
its not about victimhood ; its either being racist or not being racist . supporting racism / white supremacy or opposing racism / white supremacy . u clearly support both of those things . so off .
jared taylor is great in this interview - he would be an outstanding candidate for political office !
jew bankers !
jew run google soliciting donations to support non-white invasion of europe | read more :
jews believe they're the chosen people . this state is hereditary / genetic and can only be passed down by a jewish mom
jews freak out after german policemen play goebbels speech on radio at g7 summit | more : via
jews role in the bolshevik-revolution is indisputable historic fact
join forces  white zulus
joins #dcwatchlive now w / latest on violation of christian biz owner's #religiousliberty in ny :
just stop claiming to speak for southerners  dixie  and white people . no one - zero actual white southe
king's congressional district looks to be giving cruz its vote  but  not enough to stop trump .
kiran bedi may not get many votes for bjp . her theory of police autonomy is misplaced  will make us a police state .
know that these people may not be racist or want millions to die but may be confused b
kurdish referendum on independence from iraq approved by more than 92 percent of voters  officials say
last year alone  planned parenthood reported $ 127 million excess revenue . #defundpp #ppsellsbabyparts
lets go white supremacy ! ! !
letting you know the new jared taylor book is still not available on kindle yet .
liberals call out trump for picking all white judges . two weeks later say it's wrong to comment on a judge's race .
like god is white ?
lindsey graham suspends presidential campaign via #novotesforturncoats #cuckservative #scalawag
listen : #obamacare and it's damage to america with and live from rome #humanum
lol  that doesn't advance your narrative . unifying non-unified people .
los showing up when antifa attack the gettysburg cemetery ?
maine governor lepage  ' obama hates white people ' = = = >
makes you a white supremacist .
many muslim countries wouldnt have given him such high sentence .
marriage remains one-man  one-woman union in wisconsin - alliance defending freedom
martin luther king jr . message to white america ( laws vs sacrifices )
mass jooish media  skool & church have atomized caucasoids.no bonds only stranger
mass media is a mind control weapon
may i join the fun to do my part to advance our beloved #14words ?
media hides black on white crime .
meeting newly sworn-in colleagues at south block .
mic drop a real american black or white we are all american
missouri enacts 72 - hour abortion waiting
mongolian are white ? white as u described r 4 ppl from caucasus mountains  etymology .
more propaganda from a white nationalist group
more than caire . we are fair .
more white babies *
mt : never in our history has there been a greater need for informed christian citizens to be engaged & stand for biblical values
need 2 to join my klan on bo3 ps4 hmu fam
news you should know : brittany maynard  saira blair  6th circuit marriage decision  and more :
next in line  area sales mgr bihar . now all collection of state excise  vat etc will fuel the parallel channels controlled by powers that be
nice evaluation elder / so sad people wont turn to the lord / stop the sin / its whats causing the deaths
no one will die because of white genocide  bit whites are being diversified away .
not a member of identity evropa but looking to get involved in this semesters #projectsiege ?
not all white grandfathers were racist . and those ppl are not us .
not really  because the leftist media were not so happy with that speech .
now  backing to calling all trump supporters racist white supremacist russian / hillary troll bots .
now that has defended jason richwine  how about jared taylor and richard lynn ?
obama admin will force coverage of birth control  abortion drugs pro-life
obama bans confederate flags at veterans cemeteries | read more : via
obama has done it again help us stop him : #hb2 #obamaswaronpotties
of course not . berkeley isn't obligated to offer her a platform to speak
oh pish ! brad and his band of soouthrenerz were trying to larp the antifa look
ok ... ? and there's significantly more white people than black people .
ok modi ji's marital status cleared . now let us talk about pappu's . anybody game ?
oliver north ? ? ? #vvs16 really .
one thing i heard was that black people asked the antifa not to march down their street  then everyone
only one minor correction  soros is a jew . he is not white .
only the white half of him !
operation white storm
or the interests of your people .
our entire culture  heritage  and racial identity is painted as a pernicious and particularly evil disease which must be abolished .
pathetic racist #hewillnotdivideus
people are just going to have to stop depending on celebs  people are actually have to get involved to get things done .
people can group up for all kinds of reasons and still work with other groups .
pil filed asking govt to constitute sit to investigate mysterious deaths of 9 indian nuclear scientists over past 3y
pl . don't be guided by ifs lobby ; take punitive action against #switzerland for not sending back the black money
pl . keep an eye on your diplomats ; they r busy in maid business only and r 2 lazy to work 4 economic diplomacy etc .
pm modi's surprise inspection at a delhi police station pm pl clean upthe rot inside station
poland [ formerly in wwii forum ]: i'm new to the holocaust debate and i'm looking for some basic background ...
poor whites were enslaved by rich europeans . white criminals were shipped to other countries so america
preparing for race war : the south african bootcamps which are training thousands of white youths | read more :
president trump cancelled on cpac last year because so many cucks opposed him . maybe you will return in triumph in a few years ?
private sch dont fall under same laws.if ignorance is bliss . you must be blissful . not anti religion it's pro tolerance
probably why the media has been pushing him as leader of the alt-right .
race baiting is just calling out white supremacy
race is based on racial traits . spanish have always been white  but i have n
raise act doesnot hurt skilled immigration ! ! ! if anything it makes it better ! this is the best possible complement to the h1b bill !
ram rajya as rule of dharma returning to up and through it to india and the world  must be developed with dedication and devotion .
re : trump university - would liberals accept a white judge - - under any circumstances - who was a member of an white race organization ?
recently was informed by a lib tht blk . ppl can't be racist.they can only be prejudiced . what do i no  same lib said i was white privilege
remember how i said we aren't asking ? this will be a white ethnostate in one form or another . unless you can kill us to the last man this idea will persist until it is completed .
republican congress are the ones undermining the white house
republicans think white supremacists are less dangerous than the news media | the new nationalist
retards . that actually only has happened to white voters . he's got it backwards . eggs  rocks  pepper spray  mobbed .
retweeted hindujagrutiorg ( ): is threatens to kill bjp mla sangeet som
ridiculous ! he should defend human dignity planet climate changerecism / fascism / terror white racist
right  just controlling for us hothead white southerners  we're
rt : #religiousfreedom rally for ousted atlanta fire chief a ' tremendous success ' #firedforfaith
rt : donald j . trump - sumter  south carolina . #trumptrain #trump2016 #scprimary #votetrumpsc
rt : only three states have actively voted to redefine #marriage - - which barely adds up to about 5 % of the population .
rubio amendment for the corporate tax rate to increase to 20.94 % ( that's less than a percent ) knocked down in order to provide a child tax credit of $ 800 dollars to a wider demographic of people . bipartisan 71-29 no . #taxscambill
sabotaging trump to elect hillary will be the ultimate betrayal by conservatism  inc :
sad but it's easier to indoctrinate people than to convince them that they've been indoctri
sadly  i think a lot of people may . marriage is under attack . divorce incentives go well beyond this .
scores of people believe the martian is based on a true story via
scum ? doesn't stl teach young people name-calling is tacky ? back to kindergarten !
seems the people who keep harping on racism are the real racist because they think of nothing else . so everyone is a racist to them .
she needs to be fired ! racist !
simple rule : if a politician doesn't say outright that he is for the white race  its because he isn't !
since 1973  the racial breakdown of total abortions has been 50.2 % non-hispanic white  49.8 % non-white
so am i and i am not a white supremacist nor do i support the hate they believe in . we are americans .
so i don't need to serve black people just because i have the individual freedom to not have black friends . gotcha .
so if it's only racist whites that hold back black people  then why are you offended ? do you identify as racist ?
so it sounds like you're trying to get by with just being white ( not a race ) .
so jz can separate ' white supremest ' & object only to '
so we should have our own separate societies  right ? i don't think there are any white supremacists in liberia .
some people actually a lot of the time are complying and being upfront with information and are still killed   if you can name one case involving a white person where they are gunned down unfairly your point would stand .. but i can name countless that went national news
some people are not your environment arguments continually disproven . even with access to wealth and income they score lower mostly
soon you'll be out bashing the antifa . i'll send carol over for bodyguard services if you like ?
sorry for sperging out . clearly i was wrong in thinking that twitter was a tool for people to dissemina
sounds like these people are committing apologetics for a group who commits acts of political violence
sounds like your describing white slavery as well .
southern is a folk  a people  just like choctaw or zulu . a nation is blood and soil  not g
speaker ryan agrees with them . there are many wisconsinites in the ranks of antifa .
step outside sunday night & see a #superbloodmoon ! it's a rare celestial event - a supermoon & lunar eclipse combo !
stop the white genocide
study : white resistance increases as minority status looms | more : via
support america's national-socialist party  the party for the white #workingclass #freedom
sure . people should know . i don't care who delivers the message . ted cruz is the worst in the race . in any race .
susan b anthony was a racist .
taking christs name in vain  biden blasts bib'l marriage bigots . what we've known ... !
tell it to racist joe arpaio
terrorism  immigration  and national security speech - transcript :
that is certainly true .
that thing is white ?
that's racist elder . wait  youre black  ummm  your followers are racist ... or something just has to be racist ... right ? ? ?
that's what everyone said after charlottesville  too .
the #trucons are getting blown out tonight . looks like it will be over 50 % across the board
the 1776 version means the south back on top  politically . no way boston  nyc and chicago wil
the american nationalism debate via
the anniston red star is unhappy with the league of the south #secede
the comparison of white supremacists ( whites are master race ) to black lives matter ( stop murdering black people ) is ridiculous .
the confederate flag has nothing to do with being white  only being a white supremacist .
the double standard of black on white murder coverage versus white on black
the economist : an insurgent in the white house now on
the future of europe belongs to you  white man ! via
the generalizations are uniquely american  but the concept of a universal identity is clear .
the girl is bernile nienau . she and der fhrer share the same day of birth . she's jewish btw .
the hate & need to control #blacklives still burns strong in the ranks of the #dnc #dems
the media will do anything to make the trump's look like white supremacists . #medialiesagain
the men of normandy had faith that what they were doing was right  faith that they fought for all humanity ... ( 1/2 ) #dday70
the most growing white people population in north america is russian - american .
the nazis were racial supremacists  but not white supremacists . they despised white poles  russians & jews .
the north continually threatened the southern people  from 1830 on  that haiti was their fate  if they
the northernmost international seaport in soviet #russia is located in the picturesque town of dudinka
the obama immigration policy timeline wrecking ball : introduction . fairfederation
the torches got some attention i guess  but i think a lot of people ultimately missed the point .
the truth revealed : martyr rudolf hess was murdered by british agents in spandau prison | read more :
the usaaf pilot who flew his p - 38 to milan and joined the waffen-ss | read more : via
the white genocide continues : white race now minority in london too kyttjlt
their greatest weapon was mid - 20th century network television when they had an absolute cultural stranglehold . - -
there are over 700 million people in europe . do you think there are fewer terrorist attacks in india  or china ?
there is a reason why black people dont negotiate with  there is no negotiation with #edl
there is such a thing as white people . these people behave and live in a certain way . that is white culture .
there's no race war . only a power struggle between two mutually exclusive and hostile groups of white p
these people using that slogan were not tied to
they complained about the media by giving up any principle the media told them to give up . #cuckservatives
they think real people will be revolted by the real thing ... admiral akbar moment for msm
they trigger themselves though . it doesn't matter what you say  they will find a way to call you racist / white supremist etc . doesn't matter .
this country was always happy with the arab till usa asked uk to go to war
this entire thread doesn't make any sense to me who's racist why are they racist and why a
this horrible word describes you ! lets take away the power . #rt #tcot
this is hilarious ! election in london also became a litmus test for narendra modi ? the lowest can stoop
this is precious  white supremisict against jewish supremisict : via
this will be good for him . more than likely  several stupid people in dc will no longer
time 2 push .. win or lose : planned parenthood show vote  show down | :
times are different now . look at your history  millions of people from ireland  mex  portugal  etc came here illegally then became citizens
to care about my neighbours  and children  more than someone from france  or malawi  is normal . to make clear : yes  i and other white  brown and black englishmen would die to protect each other and this country . we have a bond ; white  black and brown brits do die defending engld
too all the people who are apart of this white supremacy  you must end the hate . hate is a sickness you all have .
too bad you're so liberal or i wouldn't mind throwing it in you !
tourism is the most job intensive sector and india has such potential . modi always spoke abut it but has appointed such clueless minister
trump admitting syrian refugees at quicker pace than obama | the daily caller
trump mourns jewish holocaust victims and vows to fight anti-semitism in speech to jewish group
trumps populist achilles heel : could another candidate steal trump's populist thunder ?
trust me  kiddo : contrary to popular leftist belief  the white race has not yet begun to fight .
uh yeah because people are much more racist in the current year than they were in 1890 .
very bigoted and racist .
very few white americans have one single ethnic origin  we are a new race of european-descended people created in america
via : bbc promotes lie that israel is targeting civilians in gaza #tcot
via : germany : two muslim migrants arrested for sexually assaulting teen girls at pool wher ... #tcot
video : racist black teens brutally beat white student on school bus | read more :
watch & wre talking mississippi religious freedom law live right now ! --> #msliveandletlive
way to stan for the white supremacists  jad
we are full of love love for our people and we have the formula for freeing ourselves from the bondage of moral & intellectual decay .
we can't minimize the importance of the supreme court when we think about who we will vote for this election . #scotus
we need your help to get back to 100 % in the fight against amnesty and illegals ! ...
we want to see the #ppsellsbabyparts scandal moved to doj to handle and take seriously . #first100days
we were set up . source : stand down order came @ 6am & nat guard was dispatched charlottesville wanted us hurt .
we'll be sure to return the favor
welcome to the uk from britain's indian community #
well  natives lived here  but before them there's evidence that people from the country we now call russia lived here . now we're mixed race .
well he was no great philosopher  a terrible military strategist  emotionally messed up and a liberator to a very narrow group .
what ? no 24/7 news coverage talking about how full of hate this guy was ? no white house protest about
what a suppressive anti social generality . i'm a white english jew .
what about white on white crime ?
what about white people who's ancestors are union soldiers ? are they not worthy of respect ?
what do you mean normalize ? it is normal now to see dozens of people killed by the hands of these folks .
what group of people ups and leave everything n everyone they know and love to move to a foreign land except under duress ?
what is the isis actually ? take a look - india tomorrow
what is the white man march ? : via
what we need is open borders and to get on with getting the nation out of trumpism . we are all descended from immigrants .
what you ( and others of your ilk ) seem to fail to grasp is that white american culture itsel
when cernovich says the #altright are controlled opposhishion .
when i was younger i used to ask my mom why i wasn't born black because i wanted to be black like my best friend  what do u think ?
when you slander and assault people because they voted for a candidate you don't like  yo
when's the northwestern european heritage reception ?
where christians are well and truly kept in their place .
white afrikaners demands for freedom via
white american millionaire kills 58 people  injures 527 . all white americans should be deported too . if 1 is evil  they all are right ?
white americans kill more ... this article is political and if this is how humans r
white identity politics is myopic & you'd have to be blind to think that the solution to demographic re
white lives matter
white man march perceiving perceptions
white men are less than 40 % of the population and are over represented in mass shootings . white women are not mass shooting .
white nationalist cognitive dissonance via
white people are not homogenous ! #altright
white people smfh
white power ? edl has black and jewish members .
white power any following me
white power fam .
white pride america merges with the national socialist movement via
white pride and white supremacy are not even remotely the same .
white privilege says it's over  goad ...
who is their supporters black people or white people ? who is their audience black people or white people ? do they talk to black people ...
who's instilling hate ? not hearing ' kill anyone who disagrees wherever you find them ' 5x a day . the quebecois . makes perfect sense .
why are conferences full of beautiful  classy  happy  self confident people ? #altrightgooglesearches
why are jews so determined to control the media  silence criticism  and squelch free speech ? #adlchat
why can't wallace also support trump ?
why do you hate whites ? when did jesus say hate your own tribe ?
why hindus should boycott & 100 % they are anti hindu outfit
why not ? i'm white and i'm going to have white children .
why not saying terror organisation to #kkk ? catch their bkg accounts
will congress trade : e-verify bill for ag act ? read more : #capsblog
will there be a massive christmas tree on the lawn ?
will you admit you hate white people and you hate it when white people speak up to defend
woman gang-raped  threatened with video  bjp leader's son among accused - #rapistgovt
workers uncover huge concrete swastika in hamburg #swrm #swastika #hamburg via
wow ! they love trump in india !
wow : kkk alive and well white brother hood unite ku klux klan
wpt - white privileged terrorists
yea we get it  everybody is a racist
yeah  who looked nervous today ? whiny spencer or the hundreds of people against you ?
yeah  why not take credit - - i mean the antifa allied forces in wwii didn't hide from the fact that the
yes  the non-tariff barriers are the real issue #gopdebate
yes  the way he says ' white ' is hilarious . it's awesome .
yes once the minorities vote as blocks  whites cant afford to have two parties anymore
you a white racist incognito ! take down the black man and put up hitler !
you also think of hindus now .
you block retweets hunter ?
you can be racist  hispanic  and republican .
you cant have a honest conversation on race with dishonest liberals using the race card and advocating white guilt ! #crazyliberals
you do know that people who fought . in the second world war are still alive ?
you don't believe spencer wants a 100 % white us ?
you got adopted because you are white  healthy  and female
you guys don't care about people who want a white homeland . you think the
you have nothing to lose in bihar now . go with vengeance against lalu's cases . make a template of ruthlessness . regain stature .
you kinda failed to mention the racists chants  calling people faggots  and the murder . but you know . j
you should have said the sane of hillary and eric holder hypocrite !
you want inter-racial marriage bans to be allowed again & if you think all gays are white you're a racist
you want white cops to stop killing white people ? ok . how does that work exactly ?
you're a racist if you don't listen to what malcolm x has to
you're entire page is racist against whites . you're consumed with hate .
you're just sad you don't live in the shorter mansion like you think white people should .
you're talking about american indians . this article is about people from india .
your biggest problem is people associate u you guys with being basement dweller incels . dispel that not
your saying truthful damaging facts about democrats  so you know what you are  wait for it ! ... your a racist !
zionist-controlled greek police arrest leader  lawmakers of golden dawn va
"  "" : poor henry harrell mmbr-we said we would unmask you  no need 4 a hood now #ferguson """
"  "" : yes still alive and white "" "" #fbi  #thegov #takedwnthissite #wewillshootback #stopracism """
"  "" be as kind as doves  but as wise as serpents . "" "" - brigitte gabriel ( ) """
"  "" blood outs "" "" as my old granny use to say . or "" "" breeding tells "" "" with cows  cats  pidgeons  and people """
"  "" despite the supreme courts decision  the debate over marriage has only just begun . "" "" #scotus #prop8 #1m1w """
"  "" great "" "" ? no . but i do believe that he will make it better . destroying ( ( ( conservatism ) ) ) is one part of that . not the only part . """
"  "" klan with a tan "" "" yes sir indeed they're called the nbpp wish all these "" "" political  social  racist groups would stop already """
"  "" o admin's narrow gesture does nothing to protect faith-based employers or religious families . "" "" matt bowman #hhsmandate """
"  "" stay white "" "" ? ! i found your new slogan ! "" "" stay stupid "" "" """
"  "" this is the end for the alt right ! "" "" said the increasingly nervous man for the tenth time """
" #religiousfreedom 3 ) i'm callingout ' tis misleading  "" evangelical values voters "" "" """
" ' holocaust ' debate / comments / news video michael hoffman on the new movie  "" denial "" "" and david irving : mi ... """
" americans are finding out every day that there is a lot not to like about #obamacare  "" #notmybossbusiness "" "" #hhsmandate """
" black supremacist screaming  "" i hate white people "" "" attacked whites in new york metro station : via """
" but you think you can somehow make america all  "" white  "" "" and that's going to solve all your problems ? """
" by  "" our people "" ""  i'm assuming you mean white people ... or certain white people anyway . just asking  because i'm called to give help to anyone who needs help or support . have you heard the story of the good samaritan ? """
" can we brand him to a  "" terror cell "" "" .. and initiate some war heads ? """
" cuckservatives : federal judge james robart says  "" black lives matter "" "" via """
" do you think bannon is  "" alt-right "" "" racist ? """
" even the nyt uses the term  "" white nationalist "" "" rather than "" "" white supremacist . "" "" """
" everyone just sees me as white . but like most  "" white "" "" people  my ancestry is very complicated . """
" extremists are defining the gops position on #immigration .  "" immigration reform is ' national rape ' "" "" says """
" here is the  "" white supremacist "" "" beast via """
" historically  antifa were commies that fought nazis in the 30s . now  their idea of  "" smashing fascism "" "" is pushing social equality by force . """
" i am awake . you are a bigoted moron . there is no  "" jewish domination . "" "" go away . """
" i recall bill mitchell's old tweet  "" there are 250 million white people in america "" "" ~ his number included hispanics """
" i would just add :  "" it's not trump's fault . #truconservatives failed to conserve women's restrooms . "" "" """
" i've even seen white liberals call black conservatives  "" white supremacists "" "" . do they not recognize the idiotic irony of this ? """
" in  "" thank you  president bush  "" "" heidi cruz boasts about her role in pushing free trade agreements under w . : """
" in what way is this  "" white supremacy "" "" ? """
" kurds are mostly  "" nominals "" "" in the world of islam it is said "" "" kurds are islamic compared to infidels . "" "" """
" maybe just be a bit more  "" pro "" "" yourselves and your principles ( which are ? ) and a bit less "" "" anti - this  that and work on character / best self """
" nowhere in quran word  "" sunna of mohammad "" "" appears but sunna of god . no """
" rt  "" imam who issued fatwa against modi now threatens tarek fatah of beheading "" "" - report in . """
" rt  "" loving my #whiteculture is about heritage  not hate "" "" is the oldest line in the book for white supremacists : your heritage is hate """
" rt  "" referendum "" "" on #trumpheck yes it was #america wants agenda.take notes dems & republicans #maga #ga06 """
" rt  "" religious liberty is the bedrock upon which all other freedoms are built  2017 onderdonk award recipient """
" rt  "" that's called business by the way . "" "" savage #debatenight """
" rt  "" there is one core issue in the immigration debate : the well-being of the american people . nothing even comes a close second . "" "" """
" rt #hsbc whistleblower tells #c4news ' much more data to come  "" carroll foundation trust case """
" rt ' holocaust ' debate / comments / news  "" where death wears a smile "" "" ( 1985 ): does anyone have an electronic copy ... """
" rt . 8/ before the  "" religious right  "" "" the south was very christian . it was also "" "" racist . "" "" we had "" "" white supremacy . "" "" abortion was illegal """
" rt : milo is a  "" white nationalist "" "" according to . i'm sure actual white nationalists like would be surprised """
" rt a response to leuchter and berg  "" debate "" "" : september 11  2014an open letter for revisionists and skepticsi don ... """
" rt al-azhar complains of  "" zionist plot "" "" to defame islam  divide arab world #islam #islamophobia """
" rt dancing for joy at 106 and  "" loving jesus christ "" "" . looks at the woman who met the first couple : #potus """
" rt here's what i'm watching for next on twitter purge : whether stays  and whether this crackdown crosses over into non explicitly racist  "" alt light "" "" personalities . """
" rt splitting hairs  neither the supporters nor the opponents care about those academic distinctions . both are  "" pro-white "" "" to both friends & enemies . """
" rt we're thankful for this language in the #taxbill  but it may be  "" entirely too narrow in the context of churches . "" "" """
" the alt-lite tought they were dissociating themselves from a dead weight that was  "" bad optics "" "" . lol """
" the realist report :  "" holocaust "" "" museum receives $ 25 million donation """
" to quote :  "" statues don't kill  democrats do ! "" "" """
" video : liberals sign petition to support white privilege tax  "" """
" video : nbc news special report on rising white american  "" hate groups "" "" via """
" wes bellamy : charlottesville backs  "" reparations fund "" "" via """
" you mean  "" the white thing "" "" """
#altright jared taylor is on #redicelive
#antifa should be designated a domestic terrorist organization .
#economist says national #debt really $ 211 trillion : #ifiwereu #federal #job #libya #jbs #ukriots #us
#faves #lbnews #tcot teamronmiller : i'm for life ! join me and in support of life . create a #prolife profile ...
#hewillnotdivideus i was actually warming to the pro trump brigade 4chan gang after past few nights . then turned up .
#itshardformeto throw up a heil hitler to people
#ripbabamarri veteran baluch nationalist leader  #shaheednawabkhairbakshmarri : passed away in karachi
#saveaca #saveaca are u people insane  trying 2 kill american people ?
#trucons  ladies and gentlemen
#trucons have struck gold on replacing andrew jackson with harriet tubman :
#truecons couldnt get anymore frustrating if they tried . disgusting people with no principles .
#trump employs more women than men at the upper echelons of his real estate empire and in many cases pays them more .
#whywemarch since doctors thought i might have birth defects they thought my life wouldn't be worth living . let me tell you  it totally is
' for their own ' ? i don't think any race should discriminate based on race either way as i previously said . i don't hate white people  i don't hate anybody based on any menial characteristic about them . why are you so convinced that anybody who isn't a white nationalist hates u ?
' holocaust ' debate / comments / news dr . thomas dalton demolishes alan hart's meager attempt to rebut revisi ...
' holocaust ' debate / comments / news glaring hypocrisy interview : wwii historian vincent reynouard : glaring ...
' holocaust ' debate / comments / news laugh of the day : auschwitz cooling sprinklers / showers cause alarm : t ...
- lotsa creationist trash on your comments . no wonder you guys hate me  you're human worshippers  lol
. joins tony to talk #istandsunday  #4houston5 and . listen :
. to protest the #kkk ! #christian #lgbtq
.. i don't get this ... the rest of your posts are chilling and true . these insane people mean to kill us all .
... because it's rigged  the white people are supposed to lose .
... we are talking about race ... not ethnic groups . real polish  portuguese  swedish  italians  etc are white .
13 years later  the #trucons still haven't admitted iraq  for example  was a mistake
164 deaths of homeless in delhi due to negligence of heartless who live in posh bungalowscc expose them
1850 white vs slave ... white live longer ... by four years . 1850 to 1850 is correct the other comparison is faulty .
1st city council  next the state level then senate & congress  finally white house . wake up america !
21 . time our gov't & our leaders do their constitutional duties - that would mean always putting americans first in every policy decision .
3rd circuit reinstates lawsuit against pittsburgh censorship zones via #prolife
90 % are not bought and paid for . white nationalism can't win elections in mo
: . asks : is malcolm x a model for white advocates ? #race #tcot #tpot
: aborting the future : obama ignores pro-life issues in sotu #prolife
: abortion has a market problem : #hb2 #protectthemboth #prolife
: evil !
: family intactness by race : 65 % asians  54 % white  41 % hispanic  17 % black . / / pat fagan discussing now :
: have a discord session about this between every known person in ar ( i . e . you and hunter ) and disc
: in a shock to conservatives  the trump administration wants to give one of the most liberal lgbt activists of the obama years an
: maybe one of the golf magazines would be interested in a story of south africa ?
: oklahoma governor calls for end to taxpayer funding of planned parenthood
: sharia inaction in yemen : islamic jihadists murder man on suspicion that hewas homosexual miscreants
: south carolina : muslim arrested at airport for attempting to join the islamic state
: stand with creative and religious freedom . join the tweetfest for #justiceforjack on the morning
: that's because laws are for regulating southerners and people in colorado or idaho . not for sjws an
: this should be embarassing for white people ...
: via : michelle obama wages hashtag counter-jihad #tcot she's #useless
: video : ukrainians welcome hitler as liberator ( 1941 )
: what ? no 24/7 news coverage talking about how full of hate this guy was ? no white house protest about guns a
: white births a us majority again via
: white genocide in the united states of america a 100 year history | read more : ;
<--- white nationalists rolling around campus
a mainstream southern alternative : adapting the ukip model to the south
a seafaring islamic caliphate would diminish sea trade and devastate sea traffic  let alone for cruisers .
accessory to murder . race baiter . liar . tax cheat . white house guest . #nypdlivesmatter #tcot
according to james michener in the covenant there were virtually no indigenous people in southern africa when the dutch arrived in the 16th century .
actually goes back to 1640  and perrigrin white  pilgrim child .
adolf hitlers plan to kill roosevelt  stalin and churchill at the teheran conference #swrm #hitler via
adventures in non-white america | the occidental observer
after that you can differentiate them between mediterraneans  nordics  slavics  etc . but racially they are white .
after witnessing the latest #trucon come apart over this mexican judge  are you surprised federal judges have walked all over them ?
again  nobody but nobody would care about any of this but for trump . and they all know it . #gopdebate
agree  hindus r secular  n tis our homeland ! but  opp hindu minded  u mean xtreme right !
all his reasons are the main ones that affect people . us people fight the war
all nationalists are not white ! smh ..
all swiss banks must surrender waffen ss accounts here
all the protesters are white ...
all we have to do is bait the left  like we have been . people will demand trump crack down
also around 40 % of the mexican pop . is estimated to be racially white  so youd likely be hurting ur stupid little cause
amen brother .. but too many people brainwashed  and they don't teach the youth any history anymore . sad . god bless
anarchy in charlottesville ! ! ! the end is nigh ! ! !
and besides  if pastors do get govt targeting them there's to push back & remind govt of 1st amend .
and the question i have is why is your white identity hurt by taking thesecstatues down ?
and these are the people that gravitate towards white nationalism . the same kind of people who kill inn
and you rwnutjobs always claim you are pro-life  but don't care that 13 millions have lost healthcare
angry white and proud : new documentary on english nationalism ( video ) via
another hindu priest attacked and his sacred thread stripped - sanskriti - indian culture
another thing . a whole lot of posts about normies  but no deeper explanation of who these
anti-white themes in hollywood movies | the occidental observer
antiabortion views are ubiqutous in antievolutionism  as part of their kulturkampf religious frame
anyone who voted for trump is a racist like him . it doesn ; t matter your color  creed  background or profession . you're a racist . god bless .
anything but southern and texas nationalism is worthless to us  hunter .
are these approved by the kkk ? #ghosts
are you arguing against racial separation ? or just against incomplete separation ?
are you at this event ? trump is a hero here tonight.why white nationalists are drawn to
are you black or white ?
are you pushing fake news  hunter ?
are you talking just us white heritage ? who's heritage do you want to protect exactly .
are you trying to demoralize us ? huwites have the power to take the white house alone .
as the senate begins work on their #taxreform  we recommend : - increase #childtaxcredit to $ 2000  including unborn-remove marriage penalties-maintain adoption tax credit-protect #freespeech from the #
average black in america is 20 % european and significantly more african in the old cotton and rice belts
baba saheb ambedkar helped hindus by helping the weaker sections of our society . we cherish his role in modern hindu society .
baked alaska in hospital after acid-laced mace was thrown in his eyessearch antifa beat old man charlottesville and you'll find the other .
banned : bing cosbys white christmas song is now officially racist | more : via
be extra careful there . a lot of good people there that support us but even more that seek to destroy
beautiful day down south !
because bjp didn't remove him on advice of few americans  rajan was creating currency change confusion on poll eve
because turkey wants assad gone assad didnt gas his people ! ! !
bernie sanders : white people dont know what it is like to bepoor
big ricky be like : we need to fight for more jobs in iran  or something like that . #gopdebate
bingo ! im telling you  the worst racist things i have ever heard were from white liberals . many onl
birthday greetings to sri ji . i pray for his good health and long life .
bizarre revenge : dr . mengele's remains to be used for scientific experiments | read more :
bjp will never  never  never have any alliance with ncp . rumours are motivated . we exposed their corruption in assembly . others were silent .
black  white  polka dot ... you rock !
blm or antifa  country music  majority white crowd .
breaking : accident at palm beach international airport  passengers taken to hospital
breaking : florida court allows 24 - hour abortion waiting period to go into effect
bronies and white nationalism : california are bronies the future of the white nationalism ? discuss . note : th ...
but isn't there a way to make these groups more powerful  with greater resources  by designing them to be hip through a measured level of transgression to begin with ?
by murdering all non white people ?
can't wait for a dem president to strip kkk  white nationalists  and other white terror organizations of their citzenship
careful now hunter asks for whisky tribute every now and then . if you deny him
charlottesville to push lawsuit demanding massive alt-right criminal indictments via
check out this article from : #pjnet #tcot #theblaze #christian #constitution
china and india have withdraw troops from a standoff at the border on tuesday  the chinese foreign ministry said .
choosewhite country where 30-40 of whites are socialistsorpoc majority country where 70 % + poc & 40 % of whites are socialists
conservatism is weak compared to what ? look at the the electoral map - republican vs democrat . what is stronger ?
conservatives support law enforcement . why do they side with people who hate them . go figure .
cpac protest : matt heimbach and some of our friends are going to be having some fun with the corporate whores ...
cuck erickson : rick perry for president
cuckservatives : cuck french whimpers on morning joy via
david lane : hess  rockwell  mathews and others - heroes not forgotten va
david lane : hess  rockwell  mathews and others - heroes not forgotten | read more : via
death toll has risen to 55-56  toll is expected to rise : chandrashekhar ( disaster management minister ) on lighting strike in bihar
defeats the whole point of anarchy . these people are brainwashed socialist sheep following the leader .
depends how you define alt lite . if by alt lite you mean civic nationalists  yeah .
do i think mlk was wrong for calling out the founding fathers for being white supremacists in his book ... and saying too many whites are not willing to go the extra mile to end white supremacy ... no ... i don't
do you think they had a single culture  language  religion  or identity ? or were there multiple  overlapping communities in the same space ?
don't understand why 1st time offender doesn't have breathalyser put on vehicle #noexcuse
erick  ask doctor for amputation . make sure they cut off both arms .
ethnic majority areas are growing fast in britain  says report via
fact of the day : california  texas and new york lead the nation with the largest immigration backlogs . #immigration
factbox - indian banks ' constellation of non-core financial assets
family research council was josh duggar too busy cheating or committing sexual battery to attend so you brought kim davis ?
female genital mutilation in us tripled in 25 years
finally  some good optics
folks . we have 7 more states to win.stay vigilant & stay focused & get out 2 vote
folks like david duke and yourselves are the worst thing to happen to the white - and human - race
for being white ?
for sure not true mid tennesseans
from digvijaya singh to abhishek manu singhvi - the scandalous love life of congress leaders -
funny that virtually the entire left  including msm  is condemning antifa on the same day ! ! they've bee
german grandmother jailed again for saying that the holocaust is the greatest lie in history via
german white nationalists wins case for free speech in high court via
germany : non-white in one generation | read more : via
give it to or another likeminded group . i'm sure it will be put to good use right .
go hunt them down racist
golden dawn first with 555 % on the athens municipality via
good afternoon  zahra ! i am very well  thank you  and you ? how is the work for hamas going ?
google searches and the holocaust : google has recently set out some proposals to move from ranking its searche ...
gop base is 90 % white . what do you think will become of gop once us is 60 % non-white ? #dustbinofhistory
got a racist over her
great work  gents ! thanks for the yuletide white pills ...
happy daddy's day ! rt : . reflects on her dad for #fathersday : coach  patriot  provider
harsh policy > workers us fired + visa others / 2 $ wrong =p in point math / science shortage instead
has lost the plot ; pl hang criminals of this traitor party also purge bjp
he probably thought she was white .
here's how the white house would cut legal immigration in half via
hey hunter i used one of your tweets in this article . i stand in solidarity with you all #
hopefully this was done in white neighborhoods .
how about a review of white trash by nancy isenburg ?
how about secure the white house the terrorist on america .
how about white on white crime vua gun in usa ?
how do you guys feel about the bear jew from inglorious basterds
how the ghost of george wallace hijacked the gop
i . e . no white people .
i added a video to a playlist refugee crisis : czech doctor describes conditions in german hospital
i always like educating the cuckservatives on how incredibly racist the founders were . makes them rage .
i am sure would have had your back .
i attended the 2015 white nationalist amren conference via
i basically view south as being a sort of fusion between va and charleston . having ties to both may have influenced it though .
i block white supremacists and paid libdofascist trolls .
i didn't realize there was this level of strategic thinking among the alt-right . ( not being critical ) .
i don't want him to draw first blood  just the last laugh
i doubt they were the original people to move in . there's always a wave before them who got killed .
i drove once from a different location and the drive was beautiful . many of the same  excellent people will be there
i feel jared was a lone crusader for a long time and easy to attack . if thousands shared his flawless
i feel your site would benefit from having alarming facts ( crime  birth rate  etc . ) on it's front page  to wake people up .
i gave you a template for respectability  but i am positive you will not follow it and #chimpout instead.this is exactly what my side wants you to do  which will draw our people to our side in greater numbers . #thanks
i got to block you your hate has made sick.no much human is illegal !
i guess they think we have no choice but to vote for cruz
i have tweeted nothing about iq science . why do you keep asking about it ?
i hope you mean you white ladies will be flying the black ( no prisoners ) flag too !
i just call them identitarians . for better or worse i was born european white .
i meant the one on the banner
i posted some of it . hitler had them soldiers all wacked out on drugs .
i struggle to understand how anyone can willingly want the destruction of their people and culture .
i support sanctuary cities  can you just go away with your racism and xenophobia
i want to end racist sheriffs pretending to care about non-white people ! ! !
i will write a long essay condemning mainstream conservatism and defending nationalism and populism
i'm also not racist or drunk .
i'm done . she is racist and blinded by hate . she is a lost cause
i'm dreaming of a white christmas
i'm german ethnic group my roots is anglo saxon and i'm proud for this see my photo
i'm honored to be part of an expert panel on marriage sponsored by on april 22 . details here :
i'm not anti white i'm anti white suprmacy . interesting that you see no difference . all white ppl aren't white suprmscist you know ?
i'm pretty sure abortion was legalized more recently  like in the 1970s
i'm sure he's sympathetic towards the cause ...
i'm white and i'm not your people and do not support anything about you . you are nothing but dellusional and trash .
i'm white so i don't
i've been called a racist 5 times today elder because i'm a white trump supporter.the democrats are the party of hate . it's all they have .
i've been hit with #hate crimes for about the last 2-3 months . they target me because i appear to be white  though i'm white-asian .
identity evropa activists paid a visit today to the american immigration lawyers association office in washington  d . c . #noamnesty
if chinese govt . can support numerous confucian schools  why can't india govt . develop a single vedic university ?
if leftists think the alt-right has trump's ear  do they really think it's wise to no-platform us on major social media ?
if we had an alt right candidate he'd win in a landslide ...
if you want to remove the #democrat party  you better hurry . they are removing themselves at an accelerated pace .
if you're a white american you know .
if your own daughter calls you a racist ...
in india no agarwal helpsterrorists but kejri is antinationalistelement  against hindus & helpterrorists #kejriwalshamesagarwals #modipmbedicm
in my unsolicited opinion heritage pride ( even european / white ) should be fine & not about hate
in sri lanka  buddhist nationalist have formed a group called bbs which attacks muslims in an attempt to protect the buddhist heritage
indiana : lugar's pro-life weakeness opens door to mourdock #republican #sgp
intelligent government : only national socialist party can do . so join us to give a better india to your children .
ironic that just hrs . ago  media reported france's le pen - prosecuted for muslim remarks - tops presidential polls .
irony . we hindus don't have the rights that minorities enjoy in india . and you preach us ?
is immoral ? to call what it is . a homophobic  racist hate group
is marching for life today ! #marchforlife #weareprolife #whywemarch
is stacked the f'n original alt right  that guy has been doing it before it was cool . god
islam is a huge and largely peaceful religion . reason must prevail for peace
it doesn't get more ' loving ' than giving a family sanctuary and support . this also the case for jihadi john . ' love ' seems to make it worse .
it see white privilege tho
it would now b shown as a donation to the party ... aap indirectly promoting terrorism
it's almost as if they're part of european history or something .
it's already packed here at #scotus #religiousfreedom
italians are white . some sicilians are white  some are not .
jared taylor : donald trump  white supremacism  and the insanity of the washington post via #culturalmarxism
jews don't consider themselves white .
jnu communist don kamal mitra joined aap today . credentials - isi funded fai's conference in us and unapologetic defence of pak every time .
join the crowd  apparently i'm a racist for pointing out facts and evidence . if everyone is a racist then no one is a racist
judge the #trucons by type of men they don't consider heroes - robert e . lee  stonewall jackson  andrew jackson
just a money machine to get other people's money to line their own pockets .
just make sure they know we wielded the clout that got them fired !
just to show you how unfair republican primary politics can be  i won the state of louisiana and get less delegates than cruz-lawsuit coming
keep speaking out elder ... we will stand together .. white  black red & brown for the red white & blue #istandwithtrump
kicks off the event now ! #masterpiececakeshop : a public moot court . watch on fb
kill them all lindsey . america trump what could go wrong ?
legend has it that the shed of jared will only be painted once the saxon has awakened .
let bjp go to sc to seek independent inquiry to prove sangeet som not involved
let's build the wall out of all of the guns in america . it would be pwetty fwitening
life does not forgive weakness ! - adolf hitler #swrm via
like depressed people  they suffer from a perception disorder  which is why they are extraordinarily suicidal
like most communist organizations  they hate israel and america . pamela's a true freedom fighter and they just hate her . sad
little sisters and big brother : #letthemserve
lol xd.what a help ! ! 200 mosques more in germany ! ! thanks ! ! .
louisanna going to lose state funding and tourist if they don't comply to the sanctuary bill . louisasanna always in bad weather crises .
major case moving through the supreme court led by against missouri .
makes me a racist too i guess .
me  i would not want to get arrested on a felony hate crime ( white power ) charge . becau
michael medved you are slime . donald trump isn't asking white supremacists to do robocalls in his name . #saynotorubiobama
military freedom of religion
milo just one week ago ->
modi : be positive . lets work together.kejriwal : everyone is corrupt . ill teach you a lesson.rahul : honeycomb  jupiters escape velocity
modi govt strictly implementing #ruleoflaw and stopping the gravy train got the goat of ' artists ' ? #akademipoetry
mohamad slept with more than 100 women in 63 years life but only one woman khadija became pregnant with baby daughter fatima . #chotugang
money cant buy a true american rubio is a trush
more embarrassment for rahul gandhi in amethi ... 123 acre of land transfer to rajiv gandhi trust cancelled .
more relatives of #chinas top leaders implicated in #panamapapers :
more white tears !
most people don't even know it happened . i had jaap search every german newspaper today  not even one mentions it
most white students are utterly apathetic in this environment that is so hostile to them
mountain division waffen-ss prinz eugen t-shirt | read more : via this shirt for the gym
mr . your father mulayam singh ordered firing at hindus to win muslim support ? ? are you human beings ?
mt : coward fascists cancels event to silence conservative guest speaker
mt iranian prez-elect rowhani tied to iranian jihad bombing #islam #islamophobia #tcot #terrorism
my fight became personal for two reasons . one i have a daughter and two . a rabbi had me banned from cols  ga .
my new year's eve prediction was that milo would go down like the hindenburg in an inevitable scandal
n go home : vandals target black womans maryland home
national character has to be improved .
national socialism ? lmao no gtfo . just a weeb tryna be edgy
new at fair's blog : former associate of uscis senior counselor seeks war crimes indictment against president obama
new german biography casts hitler in a different light
new jersey toll collector says she was told to stop saying god bless you to drivers | christian news network
next 2 hillary  bo's my least favorite politician . heard he's coming back 2 make dt's life miserable . come on
no  no . i get all of the wonderful statistics . one guy today even told me how white people in poland are facing extinction  even though the country is almost 97 % white .
no  these are just normal people you racist idiot .
no #ronpaul2012 & friends = #ows & - holding usa back cc #tcot
no i can see you beaming as you admire your white hood and noose in your avi . i'll take your word for your membership tkc
no one driving could see this . we had to zoom in on the photo to read it . compare to the road sign next to it . message needs to be simplified for the 5 seconds people have before passing it .
no texas senator better not vote for it .
non-violent protest under #firstamendment #freespeechrallyno one wants to be replaced or exterminated
nope was elected bcuz people such as urself r gullible af and easily conned . don't get confused #gop #cpac2017
not going to happen . will austria take me 500 years after my ancestors left ? i think not .
not my state ! not my taxes ! californians get ready to pay more taxes !
not through god  is working to support a racist president who is reluctant to speak out against the kkk and neo-nazi white nationalist organizations .
notice how they don't even claim that it's unconstitutional anymore : maybe enough lawyers weighed in on their side ?
now adarsh liberals will come like white knights ! !
number 1 lad they sure are mad
obama and hillary don't want guns registered they want them to be confiscated . that will never happen in america !
obamacare is robbery and extortion of american workers to pay for other people's healthcare ... #scaramucci #abc7ny
obviously  liberia isn't like white america because it was founded by somebody else's babies
of focuses on religious liberty & creative professionals conscience rights . more :
oh are you upset i called him a racist who belittles and degrades people of color ?
oh get real white genocide ? what are you smoking ?
oh look  a bunch of white racist bully nazis with badges . the more you do this the less respect i have for your badge .
oh yes  racial profiling is common sense  everyone does it anyway . got to protect yourself .
ok  so that obviously means that hunter is the dangerous fed  ok
one in six east germans thinking like national socialists via
only people with nothing much to lose will take a public stance .
only the white ones ;)
our thoughts are explosive  actions will be mega tnt . hence many rts  original tweets may start ww .
people have to get blackpilled before they can get redpilled . that's what's happening now .
people like me r full of change because warriors never backed down from a challenge of better the spirit and those around it . we fail we try
people more afraid of being called a racist
people need to sue any city that harbors them  if a family member is injured .
people who like to showcase do it through where they shop and what restaurants they go to .
people who wear red ? small people ? there are a bunch of beared dudes on the left . is it beards ?
perfect example as to why should have more followers than people like
perhaps key word is european . not true once independence was won .
pl . start looking at these matters as fight between two people or even two groups .
pl . take note turkey poses real threat '
please please please go report the incredibly racist  white supremacist account run by nathan domigo  ! ! !
podcast : jeffrey tucker  libertarianism & the alt-right
praying on the minds of the weak with fabricated stories of genocide and racial attacks on whites ! mxm julle es aan nodig
prediction : allsup and fuentes won't be alt-right in 2 yrs . these college kids will move on  just lik
presentable  nonthreatening white dudes . good .
prices of manufactured goods fell when we had high tariffs because of domestic competition #gopdebate
proving a labor shortage in agriculture : a job american researchers cant do #immigration
racial egalitarianism is for lemmings .
rajan's handling of foreign exchange rates completely nullified the gains of fall in #crudeoil prices  big national loss
release of dreaded pro-pak terrorist masrat alam shows bjp is no more than b-team of cm mufti like cong was b-team of nc cm omar abdullah .
remember folks . it is a rigged game and the media is trying to bring down trump turnout by saying the race is over . it's not .
report : white house nixed holocaust memorial text that mentioned jews via
retired lt . col . bob maginnis joins #dcwatchlive next to discuss charges of desertion for sgt . #bergdahl
right . something tells me you have met one black person ever . cos less than 1 % of black make youth are gang affiliated .
robert spencer interview on arab winter comes to america
rt : #dirtysecrets #itsprettyugly additional misconduct @ pparenthoods wilmington clinic alleged @ hearing #stand4life
rt : tonight were calling on congress to act swiftly to pass the no taxpayer funding of abortion act . - #sotf #prolife
sad state of affairs : n . california couple getting out of wedding photog business rather than violate their beliefs :
sanctuary policies are needed america needa to eleminate the racist bogotry of fair who are unfair
says foreign born population has more than quadrupled since 1970 . read more here :
says the white nationalist .
sc policies help some people ( rich  well connected  politicians  corporations etc )  but hurt many more average americans .
schoep's been tagging his posts alt-right since at least september .
separation between trump and the alt right is healthy .
session's doj will discover that the city of c'ville & gov were at least negligent and that antifa leftists instigated riots .
shame on you . we will work to keep our world safe from people like you .
she never claimed eo was unlawful or unconstitutional . just not sure wise or just
she used us  elder . she was never #maga disappointing  but we move forward
sheikh mohammed is a visionary leader . his visit will add new vigour & momentum to comprehensive strategic partnership between india & uae .
six facts you should know  but probably dont  about unaccompanied minors #immigration #noamnesty
sleep with white supremacist dogs  you get white supremacists fleas .
snuffing out south african identity #southafrica #africa #boer
so congress & bjp are equal as per then he & are definately equal to dance bar artists
so could the workers vote out marxism ? he probably wanted that only to be subversive not through altruism .
so delbritaley driving car into crowd of people  are responsible for the terrorists actions ?
so u are able to understand this racist #xenophobic #islamophobic add that it singling out #muslims immigrants  regardless it is still #racist
so you admit to being a racist ? and white lives matter is about only wanting
sorry you seriously underestimate me : i am not a white supremacist i believe in human objectivism
speaking in minutes ! watch live here ! #pjnet #tcot #t2sda #benghazi #orpuw #lnyhbt
special needs white child to boot .
spoken like a true white supremacist . im white and i say so is always the end logic #eminem #whitesupremacy
stand up for true tolerance  gov already allows quakers religious freedom not to fight why not refusal to sell cupcakes ?
stand with trump on military readiness ! sign the petition #securitynotsexchanges #commonsensedefense
stephen paddock wasn't muslim was he ? he was a white american  the deadliest mass shooting in history belongs to a white non muslim .
stop your dogs like from indulging in anti-national activities  shame on and
study of holocaust survivors finds trauma passed on to children's genes
subtitled : how to shoot yourself in your ( pearly white ) foot
sure . a lot of those people arent stupid and brainwashed . they can see the dynamics .
sure . i hurt mine squatting with wrong barbell . outer forearm and inside elbow muscle and tissue strained . hurt with bent rows & curls .
sure it will . the small minority of business conservatives who rule over the great mass of populist voters here will be undone
thank you mr . taylor !
thanks for another white supremacist fable .
thanks for standing for life ! i am excited for #prolifecon
thanks for standing with us for religious liberty . let us know how we can serve you !
that's just your idiotic i hate socialism ideology speaking . civilised countries provide universal health care . the end .
the answer to that would be  yes . corrupt fools always stick together .
the black panthers are making a comeback
the class system in america . if a white man was raised in the inner cities
the danger and terrorism threat is not across the border it's in wh and their condoning of white hate groups #nowallnoban
the emergence of white identity in the chesapeake via
the european phenotype is evidently dysgenic  ill adapted 2 modernity
the forum has been redesigned and is almost done #codoh
the human race
the kkk house  meet up lmao
the last two years have turned me from an anarco-capitalist to the #altright
the leftist media actively supports them .
the meltdown milo triggered at berkeley was very positive for the altright as well .
the rebels in eastern ukraine got the optics right .
the south tried to block the fiscal cliff deal in the house #tcot #secession
the wave of anti-gay bills is pushed by #lgbt #inners #nc
the whole antifa gag is a proud boys production
their corporate masters bought them off
there are christians all over the world and not all of then are white and no true christian supports white supremacy . only god is supreme !
there could be no greater purpose in life .
there r #liberal #racists 2 b sure  but only #conservatism gives us   & .
these idiots sure love to ignore large portions of our history .
they got a permit  antifa didn't they need to be charged with unlawful assembly  each assaul
they were still painted with white skin because the subjects were white . either way the shape of the faces is very european .
think doesn't know exactly what they are doing & what they risk when #ppsellsbabyparts ? they know . #defundpp
thinking about u  can't wait to see you soon in #stlouis with your cute hats #ferguson #hatethehate #fearnot
this baby carriage was run over by a white woman from eu who overstayed her visa & want deported despite a dui . its not about race  you see .
this is a fake christian
this is by a white guy that was born & raised in da hood .
this is lord shri krishna ; there is no comparison
this is why you need alt-right
this whole optics thing is so ridiculous and stupid . i never realized just how delusional pe
tipu sultan always took a beating when faced with men who could fight back  like travancore  marathas and british
to all those celebrating  shubho mahalaya . may this festive season bring even more joy & prosperity in our lives .
to each their own  but i'm pro choice
today  held two major flash mob demonstrations with richard and mike.unannounced  no antifa  no police betrayals .
todays #scotus decision marks a key victory for americans right to religious liberty #fairplay
totally ridiculous hey russia if you're listening the cia is coming after you shhh cyber attack
true . the same people are also active in the phillipines and thailand and nigeria . it's the same problem
true heroes never die cuck
trump didnt visit the warsaw ghetto monument  and some polish jews are upset | jewish telegraphic agency
trump leads latest poll by large margin via #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016
trumps so mentally unstable calling himself white or american hhahhaha silly human theres no such thing . i am an earthling
twitter labels unite the right as white supremacists and hate group
two major problems in west today . 1 . left ( useful idiots ) blocking positive progress 2 . alt right remaining divided . read now
u guys wanna go out to eat at kfc with me ? then we could play cod
uh oh here come the democrat plantation talking points . not a liberal or a conservative and yes you're deflecting
us doctrine : support distant murderers hoping they will kill you last ?
usmc memorial in veterans memorial park . ( lake baldwin  fl )
vanguard america are the terrorists behind the deadly terrorist attack in charlottesville  va in august 12  2017
via : spain : muslims break into church  spray allah on wall  destroy crucifix #tcot
via : white house : netanyahus rhetoric underminesdemocratic ideals #tcot
vladimir putin held talks with prime minister of india in new delhi
wake up from white supremacy ?
want more retweets ? follow back !
was your grandpa geo wallace .. ? ... remember what happened to him ? .. go put your hood back on !
we are a country that practice freedom of religion not freedom from religion ! ! ! keep the cross !
we filed comments last week objecting to obama's parting gift to planned parenthood
we hate white children says anti-trump campaign
we have hit the tipping point . thanks to social media people are starting to wake up . as if a light has suddenly been turned on . what might have taken decades will only take a few short years .
we have institution racism on our side . the police . the schools . the media . the gover
we must not allow our past to be erased by those who hate us . ( augusta  ga )
we must secure the white house ! #impeachtrumpnow
we need everyone to keep winning . is right about that.we need milo to keep challenging at the campuses .
we need to unshackle the voice of the church . #vvs17 #johnsonamendment
we will play with what they give us . stupid for one group of people to subsidize the others . get with it .
we've been left with no choice but to adopt identity politics . no one is going to look out for our interests .
well  of course it does  elder . i just found out from my white side  i'm racist and intolerant . together  good prevails . we're americans
well  you specifically deserve to be hated . not white people . just you .
well it's not petulant raving so much making sure everyone remains civil & doesn't break the law
what about the white on white crime ? ? ? why do you never talk about that ? ? ?
what are the chances any media outlet will actually show new footage ?
what are they protesting  their 7 figure salaries  their white wives / gfs  their white mansions ?
what documentary ? most interested as i agree people are in denial !
what happened to those idiots that are making laws ? ? they must be aliens from jupitor
what is a white supremacist noah ?
what is entry level social media pay at the kremlin ? what shifts are available ?
what is the rate of petrol  diesel & gas in delhi before bjp come  and what is now . pl ask delhi .
what policies are white supremacist ?
what's your movement ? southern nationalism ? you can't grow w / o appealing to people in all 50 states . es
where's my alt-right salary ? tell putin i take #bitcoin and #monero ( and any alt coin )
which is why we true feminist need to take the word feminist back !
white america is . black america is . big country . could be peaceful .
white flight didn't work because being afraid of black people is stupid .
white genocide fliers yet again labeled white supremacist
white hate leader donated to scalise via
white house promises governors more transparency on syrian refugees via
white nationalists rallied in tennessee #swrm via
white people confirmed native americans .
white pill !
white supremacist organizer of a major white supremacist org in the #centralvalley retweet fam . scum --> #
white supremacists are calling you a bourgeois establishment hack  too ?
who can single handedly convert india into a techno-economic powerhouse - national socialist party shall identify such gems ...
why can't you judge a doctrine by its followers ?
why do you feel qualified or entitled to label people you don't know ? look up definition of racist ( you are there )
why do you guys hate jews and black people . they can't help the color of their skin and they're ancestors were different ok so stop
why go through the hassle of sticking up for people who really don't need any help  an
why not tell the good and the bad ? be fair ! ! !
why was corey long walking around charlottesville with a suitcase ?
will poland accept white refugee from america ?
women in the goenka family were willing to sell their jewellery to keep the indian express running during #emergency1975
wonderful news ! i also hope you'll have rick santorum there this year . awesome speaker  author of #grahamcassidy to be voted on in jan #vvs17
wow  the libertarian party just got false flagged ...
wow . everything is just a symbol of hate . no one white ever did anything useful  did they ?
yeah tell that to the alt right
yep  you're the racist one one thing you finally admitted here
yes  i love this angle of liberals and their deep state masters of targeting white people . see how well it works .
yes show them american love . we hate racist members . you should go and give them your love
yes so more white people are taking from the system then blacks and hispanics are .
yo dm white boys
you ... have shot people ?
you are exactly right to say those white ethnic communities had nothing to d
you called him a racist opportunist  and now you admit that his books are true and he's not racist .
you don't have a people  race is a fantasy  you are walking neurosis
you don't have the right to violently attack people you disagree with
you handled that shrew like a complete gentleman . much better than i would have for sure !
you hate gays . you prove the point . no place in western societies for your hatred . do you hate women too ?
you mean hitler ?
you realize that if a white man and a white woman have children  they don't spontaneous become new races  right ?
you see what you want to see ... there are plenty of white rapists too .
you want to punish white people by labeling them white supremacists !
you won't find a racist organization get verified bruh
you're contending he is an anti-jihad racist ? what race is jihad again ?
you're not for white heritage . you're for white supremacy heritage . you don't celebrate the whites that defeated the confederates .
your appointee cm is harboring most corrupt officers and you are teaching us lessons on corruption ? will you act ?
your racist . y'all belittle your own cause
"  "" : uae : indian man charged with insulting islam on facebook "" "" stop uae """
"  "" all swans are white "" "" is disproved by "" "" this swan is black "" "" there master logistician """
"  "" he had a complex about being shorthe claims to be 5 foot 7  but several people i talked with put his """
"  "" land of the free "" "" is a laughable slogan #altright #wakeupamerica # via """
"  "" look how many white scientists there are lol "" "" in a majority white country  imagine that . also are you a scientist ? a ) """
"  "" roof probably reacted to barrack obamas presidency & the rapidly declining percentage of whites in the us population . "" "" - """
"  "" the daily stormer  they have got to be legit . "" "" article is written by a plant and debunked by another """
" #cair believes in #sharia so they don't get a say on what's  "" constitutional "" "" #poundsand """
" >  "" encourages community to respond peacefully  respectfully "" "" the same way the local antifa com """
" > people immigrate to europe >  "" w-war on whiteys  muh white genocide "" "" > europeans invade africa > "" "" we conquerors  they deserve it whitey stronk "" "" """
" a lot of the hispanic crimes list the perp as  "" white  "" "" not even "" "" hispanic white . "" "" i see that a lot . """
" and  since we're so hypersensitive on race  you're automatically a  "" racist "" "" if you don't want to take down civil war statues . """
" and your message is  "" the alt lite disavow white supremacy and anti-semitism but they are """
" are you a historian ? how would you know what  "" history "" "" says ? you cherry-pick what you want because you hate anyone who isn't white . """
" does antifa   "" or how you might say  the alt-left "" "" get even a dishonorable mention ? follow """
" dozens of other alabama pastors signed onto a letter released friday calling moore unfit for office and accusing him of preaching  "" extremist values "" "" while comparing him to politicians who have "" "" cynically used christianity for their own goals . "" "" """
" every show since 10 am this morning has went with the headlines   "" white nationalists cause vio """
" five immigration falsehoods from the white house  "" ; """
" folks interested in  "" taking pride in themselves "" "" do not sneak around in dead of night denigrading other people """
" here is a pic of your heroic white  "" men "" "" taking care of women . #berkeley #berkeleyprotests #whitesuprepacists # """
" hmm . typical nonsense . what ?  "" you people "" "" show how stupid you are every day . """
" i can't tell a real ideological difference between those two labels . it seems that  "" identitarianism "" "" is just trying to be a less in-your-face alt right without the baggage of the alt right term  or whatever . """
" i know gets  "" alt-right "" "" reputation for ... something  maybe sometimes lis """
" i looked up those four thugs in chicago who beat and tortured that white mentally disabled man on facebook while yelling  "" # # # k trump "" "" and "" "" @ @ ! k "" "" white people "" "" and it looks like the hate crime charges have been dropped . they are racist savages and belong under the prison ! """
" instead of just  "" white  "" "" which includes racially white hispanics """
" militant anti-racist  "" teaching tolerance "" "" author slaughtered in racial hate crime murder via """
" noooo  only  "" white people "" "" are racists . """
" obama's defense of hate group  "" not racist "" "" """
" oh i agree some  "" americans are lazy . be productive to deny people gov benefits if they refuse work ! ~ """
" olivia cole is  "" sick of white people "" "" : """
" raymond ibrahim on egypt : coptic christians fed to muslim  "" lions "" "" via """
" retweeted political islam ( ): the islamic doctrine of kafir hate .  "" allah  kill the despicable ... """
" robert  we refer to them as ... the  "" white muslins "" "" . """
" romanian mayor under fire by jews  "" because he looks like adolf hitler "" "" via """
" rt  "" male  pale and stale "" "" phrase was used to dehumanize our heritage  community and identity . """
" rt #nationalsocialism was never about  "" race-hate "" ""  but always focused on the welfare of the people in a racially homogeneous society . """
" rt . sick ! the efforts u people go2in  "" time on the cross "" "" to revise the history of slavery & hide the barbarism is shocking . """
" rt : egyptian salafists :  "" the people who dont recognize islamic sharia wont enter paradise  "" "" and thos ... """
" rt : from :  "" the may day protests the media didn't cover "" "" #afire #tcot #p2 """
" rt : here is the  "" white supremacist "" "" beast """
" rt : via  "" robert spencer must be shot head "" "" #tcot """
" rt brooks : gop is also part of the  "" war on whites "" "" """
" rt german turk says he & his friends constantly recruit new jihadis .  "" a few days ago we convinced a girl 2 become muslim "" "" """
" rt join bjp protest on 23rd against cong govt  "" vidhanasoudha "" "" muttige #freedompark # at 10.30 am """
" rt people have been speculating about  "" the thing "" "" with ted cruz for some time now . """
" rt sad -  "" these days  the southern poverty law center is engaged in suppressing americans civil liberties ... "" "" #dumpsplc """
" rt surely this is just another  "" mental illness "" "" inspired terror attack . #cve #willfulblindness #usualsuspects """
" rt virginia romnetty  ceo of ibm meets pm ;d iscusses software for  "" smart cities "" "" & digital india initiative """
" rt when you're so frighteningly stupid you think a gay jew is a  "" #nazi "" "" ... #msm """
" rt will the #splc declare . the leader of hate group  since  "" white privilege "" "" was the culprit behind brittney watts death ? #tgdn """
" that isn't specific to what a  "" free white person "" "" is """
" the left is the one that refers to us as  "" white "" "" . they simplify us to colour . youre right there's no "" "" white culture "" "" . it's european culture . """
" the purpose of  "" conservatism "" "" is to save the left from itsel """
" the realist report : israeli bank workers accused of defrauding  "" holocaust survivor "" "" """
" the source of this poll is  "" the catholic news agency "" "" . if exxon ran a poll  majority would say ' oil spills are no big deal ' """
" this is why i can't support it .  "" white identity "" "" is post-enlightenment abstraction . te """
" weren't all the ff's essentially white nationalists ? since they created  "" america "" ""  then """
" why say  "" white men "" "" ? ? #racist """
" yeah ... but ... muslims aren't really  "" white "" "" ... so ... you know ... it's ok . try not to be a racist . """
" yep  it's odd though  isn't it ? i'm not sure if this  "" white supremacy "" "" is all it's cracked up to be  what with the only people being censored being white people advocating for white people """
" you attribute to  "" the left "" ""  when you should say just decent people . opposing hate and racism is neithe """
" you've become completely incoherent   "" 143 . "" "" ( don't lie--smarter people will come along and nail you . muted . ) """
#antifa secret agents are everywhere . there's probably one under your bed rig
#blocked do the same t white supremacists who are much more a threat
#hydeamendment is a racist control of a medical procedure #beboldendhyde
#istandwithbrigitteandayaan . founder brigitte gabriel is a remarkable woman and patriot .
#littlemarco camp was behind the #cubanmistresscrisis
#littlemarco camp was behind the #cubanmistresscrisis + there is allegedly a video of cruz coming in and out of a hotel
#lyingpress attacks european identitarian movement via
#plannedparenthood profited from enforcing abortion quotas to increase profits . #itsprettyugly #exposepp
#trump #trump2016 #tcot #ccot #tlot #tgdn #sgp #pjnet #nra #goa #teaparty
#varungandhi is fake gandhi but more truthful kaviraj than #kumarvishwas
' holocaust ' debate / comments / news poll : 60 % no longer trust the mainstream media : it's difficult to know ...
( ( ( white man ) ) )
( the day is gone : its inexcusable ) delayed decisions on modi events were wrong  says election commission via
. #burka #niqab #fgm #honourkillings #sharia #jihad #anticanadianvaluesbcuz its 2016  right ?
. as if you + your religious extremists pals afa fisher ( lobby uganda to kill the queers ) are better ! get help .
. i suspect that putin is more pro-white than our current open-borders anti-white pope .
. to federal court : iowa's church speech ban must go #tcot #1a #religiousliberty
. we're counting on you to help #stopesea ! ! ! #pjnet
... for some in the alt-right not openly calling for jewish genocide means he's a traitor .
... i don't hate much . i have a few resentments i'm working through . but  i hate  i hate the kkk .
1 . do you know that abu'l-fath jalal ud-din muhammad akbar was a dyslexic and could hardly read or write ? #mughal #history
1 / hey hunter wanna meet the new face of theautistic-right ? 45min
1000 indian muslim leaders issue fatwa against isis #threat2india #isis
2 . fields ran into the crowd in the heat of passion as a result of provocations by antifa ( manslaughter )
2/2 - get where is coming from ( still consider them a philosophical & western ally ) - pot is too meaningless to me to change
2/2 / 17 : white house press briefing
37 % of women having abortions are white  37 % are black  19 % are hispanic  and 7 % other races .
4 . before the 1965 immigration act  america was 90 % white . since that t
47 lakhs muslims in germany . 28 crores ( approx ) in india . least safe country is india nowadays . nd the corrupt media
68th #republicdaypresenting how india became a sovereign  democratic and republic state with the adoption of the constitution on 26/01 / 1950
: . everything you say about me is libelous & false  but this is over the top . i wasn't even at the co
: definitely antifa . that's a big fella there 240 + lbs and he's got 6 inches on the copy holding him . he could do so
: dont defend yourself robert . truth hurts people who dont want to see the world  4 what i
: egyptian muslim cleric instructs european muslims on how best to beat their wives
: here's a scene from the confederate summer of 2015 . notice how people are dressed . h
: how's a jewish kid from cleveland going to usher in a jew-free  white ethnostate in your fantasy alt-south  ? ni
: i love being white
: i think white people hate black people because black people do everything better
: i thought we had to convince people in wisconsin .
: if we become antifa then they won't call us racist !
: if you think criticising islam is racist  you must think islam is a race . and if you think islam is a race you are a ...
: is naming illegal aliens ' vigilantism ' ? - npr says so #afire #tcot #p2
: islamic state beheads us journalist james foley in video
: jewish harvard professor noel ignatiev wants to abolish the white race
: just like their puritan ancestors northeastern liberals are zealously devoted to their religion of liberalism a
: murdered by antifa paramedics.their optics just went down another 10 %
: nafeez is a racist against people who oppose jihad .
: obama administration : bible publisher isnt religious enough for exemption - alliance defending freedom ...
: rhode island governor-elect to rescind immigration enforcement order #afire #tcot #p2
: thoughtful message from on 2015 state of the family  religious liberty  etc : #sotf
: via : california : muslim gets life sentence for killing wife in murder initially blamed on ...
: well said sir & i'm sick of the the libs portraying white southern boys as racist  i lost my b
: white house holds yet another #immigration meeting #afire #obama
; how many white dems w / slaving owning ancestors give to charities supporting black people ?
a labor of gov : a gov shouldn't have to do job of ag in miss . when dems can't conv ppl or their reps to do ...
a lot of marxist classism  but there's a great deal of authoritarian racial tribalism  at l
a lot of these subdivisions in the south are more historical than contemporary
a message from anonymous #ferguson #fergusondecision #opkkk #opferguson
a must-listen - young british muslims talk to about iraq and supporting #isis
abbreviated erick erickson  rod dreher  jonah goldberg | chateau heartiste
abe foxman takes post at israel think tank via #withjewswelose
according to is a racist waterbuffalo .
action alert ! dream act vote may come today . call your senators and tell them to vote no ! #afire #teaparty #majority
adolf hitler  you knew him  what was he like ? - general lon degrelle's memories | read more : via
adolf hitlers secret ukrainian bunker revealed #swrm #ukraine #hitlersbunker via
aesthetics aren't everything  sure .
afrikaner white nationalist town of orania continues to expand via
after the election : defending the first amendment on campus
after the smoke clears these racist white folks egging you are going back to the closet . where would
alert : #outlook magzine will do 4 major hit job's from april to august on modi and nda . a 18 cr . deal . watchout !
all european nations should pull out their armies from other countries . not our wars .
all the resources in those cities are allocated and controlled by white people . so why the systematic deprivation ?
alt-right became the nazis ' exclusive domain the day they murdered a girl in charlottesville . that is the way it is . #blocked
amazons ' prices have increased anyways . time to move on along and cancel my account . #boycottamazon
america is not a white nation  bigot .
american hero of white
american patriots come in all colors  shapes  and sizes . united we stand divided we fall . dems trying to enslave us with high taxes .
americans kill more americans than muslims . you're a bunch of racist hicks looking for a place to put your hate
amnesty plan rollout may be as successful as #obamacare #defundamnesty
and it is about race . they hate him because he represents so much that is great about white men and wha
another brutal south african style hate crime murder in the united states via
anti-racist equals anti-white billboard erected in arkansas ( video ) via
anti-white agenda ? she's white  so am i missing something ? and there a
antifa & blm get their funding from many of the sames sources the & hacks do & in-bed with
apple : 1 . white supremacist shitheads : 0.apple removes white power bands from itunes | via
are italians white ?
are they using a caesar as a symbol of the white race ? !
are you a white nationalist ? and are you associated with the vanguard ?
are you arguing that was wrong then  or is wrong now ? honest q : why is so much alt-right a
are you christians ? do you recognize the europeans ( white race ) as descendants of the isrealites of old ?
are you serious dude you're a faceless avatar on the internet . pretty for you they're calling me a pro white activist around here
are you sure it's white ?
are you sure that the oppressed ones are the white people ? man ..
are you talking about white people in general ? of course * some * white people are going to be fat / ugly .
arrest for head of #egyptian pro-democracy movement : more trouble for egyptian pro-democracy
as president trump was saying  the fake news media is the enemy of the people
ashkenazi jews are not khazars . history  linguistics  and genetics prove it . -
at the time of the image  there were riots in many uk cities  regardless of faith .
attn : all white people : here's your wake up call >
back me up guys
because of racist dipshits like you .
because white advocacy has the same support from government
bishop harry jackson at i pledge event is talking about defending marriage .
bizzare to think a new yorker is the best choice for the south right now .
black female writer : too many white people at american colleges via
black ppl of america . i am a white person of america . the only dif between us is the pigmentation of the largest organ on r bodies - our skin.we have been played by the dems  the media  and race-baiting obama.we are all americans . let's be americans together .
breaking : italy : 27 migrants die of hypothermia trying to cross mediterranean from n . africa to italy .
breaking : republicans restore adoption tax credit to tax reform bill  pro-life groups cheer
breitbart employees threaten walk-out over milo
brits killed much more in north america .
but bihar wants otherwise
but jew isn't a religion it's a race . quakers & puritans were both white and christian .
but which christian made so  all history and practice full of genocide crime
came into the comments to post that
can i join your clan i need it for college credit and my teacher said if i join a club / clan i will have enough credit to graduate
can't be a hate crime-looks like victims were white . good thing our blue didn't shoot the perp or we co
canada : anti-white university event teaches white people to hate themselves | read more : via
carolyn yeager joins me to discuss revisionism and #altright prompted by a debate hosted by
charlottesville : black lives matter and antifa cover thomas jefferson statue in black tarp via
christian are worshipping a god that commanded people to kill gay and apostate ! ! from the old testament .
christian leaders aren't all silent  to some degree we're on the same boat as jews  we aren't news !
christian or jew then no dismissal ?
civil war was a product of the negotiations between the founders . our nation has progressed beyond those racist beliefs of white superiority
colorado company secures injunction against hhs mandate | eurasia review #obamacare is #worsethanyouthink
come on dude you are the one that pivoted off me asking what's wrong with tax cuts  to whites being a permanent minority . read the tl . i said they are 2 different issues . but if you want to go there i did . i like keeping my money its all i'm saying .
comments : alabama for some reason  we have had some comments automatically sent to the spam filter lately whic ...
cooper lighting in eufaula exporting 300 jobs to mexico #alwaystrump
corrupt dem gov officials promote lying along those lines in our gov workplaces . they circle the wago
countries like india must insist on refund of this stolen money and take action against opec .
cowards wear hoods heroes wear masks #opkkk #anonymous #anonfamily
criticizing white supremacy is not anti white . it's equal for
cuckservatives deserve their reward  that includes trump losing the next election .
currently the kkk has 249 black members so to answer your question  yes
debut episode is up  w / . subscribe  rate  review . topic / guest ideas ? #uncomfortabletalk
definitely ! ! ! we are american patriots . lead the way elder lansing .
democrats behind fake news dossier
did u know that 8 in 10 americans ( including ppl who identify pro-choice ) support substantial #abortion restrictions ? #wednesdaywisdom
didnt they know god showed himself 2 daniel hair like pure wool ! ! jesus said u see me  u hav seen god the father sounds black 2 me
didnt you know . everything he does is racist . like mayweather said racist since 2016 . de
disarm lunatics & black people ? besides being ignorant and racist you're one of the lunatics .
do you guys listen to kayne west ?
don't believe the millions of dollars of phony television ads by lightweight rubio and the r establishment . dishonest people !
don't cuck for good dad jokes . some of us need them .
e . g .  un projects 4 to 15 billion people in africa by 2100 ; obviously
elect officials that will separate from eu and support the people .
er ist wieder da : the joke is on you | the occidental observer
establishment conservatism has failed . and now it's lashing out at the newer  younger  cooler kids .
europeans ate raw meat to survive nordic cold ; islamists are just food for europeans .
even white supremacists have diversity
everyone laugh at whose influence is so great that won macon  ga
exactly . i mean  did hunter vote for this ?
except white ppl have to deal with it right ? cuz we're the only ones that can be racist .
exclusive : syrian refugees in lebanon waiting to come to uk ' infiltrated by isis ' #syrianrefugees
exit polls in ohio don't include early voters ; according to trump campaign people  he did very well with early voters
facebook is anti-white .
fair enough  we condemn cuckservatives
fair has ties to white supremacist groups . you buy their bs you buy into white supremacy .
fair is a hate group founded by a racist whose goal was to keep non-white immigrants out of us . trump is a tool who appeals to other tools .
fair is a hate group see southern poverty law center . white supremacists .
fair is a white supremacist organization that is on the southern poverty law centers list of hate organizations . and they love trump .
fascism : authoritarian ( white ) nationalism
fat  stupid and racist is no way to go through life lewis .
fdr was a wealthy new yorker . he won the entire south in a landslide four times . he ended a half decades of gop rule
first let germans know who fuhrer was
fraternal orders are selling lodges due to declining memberships . white nationalists should buy a lodge to own our own venue for meetings / socials .
free save white people manual :
from the article - these are fights involving weapons . sometimes one of them will catch a right proper boot party . theres quite a few times where if we wanted to put them in the morgue they would be in the morgue . then complains why people hate antifa .
from the obama administration  a crucial legal surrender alliance defending freedom blog
full moon this christmas is very rare . the last time was 1977  & the next time will be 2034 :
furthermore the video i linked is on the identity page of the identity europa website . try again .
gang warfare . white on white .
gasp ! but that would mean more white people !
give it time  my dude . i promise you bannon will be pushing to make sure the violent extremism from the
glenn beck draws 20000 to birmingham in the ultimate #cuckservative march
go anonymous destroy there hate on the internet wipe them out clear there bank accounts and steal there hoods show there identity
god blesses all people regardless of skin or gender . your spirituality is sexist in th
good psych-ops  hunter ! next time  you should offer them 12 months and a gym membership
great but why are they finally cracking down ? is it because trump might become president and the hispanics don't want the wall ?
great news ! good work !
great that there are white women like you .
greed creates anti-white / pro-nonwhite propaganda  which is fed to white kids  which cr
gvt is an asskicker for sure
ha ha ha . why blame modi for the action of cbi raiding one of your officer . let cbi do its work
ha ha ha ... get smashed by #opkkk
hal scharn blog : the black / white paradigm
have you ever seen a race with no competitors ? black / white are invalid colours of stigma for power as1s
he is always talking about killing white people but he couldn't kill couldn't kill a fly !
he is basically job stewart for the right . blasts some liberals while people laugh . like a red gummy .
hella racist jnasty smh one of your relatives prolly run this account
hes a racist
hey why do you support jihadist ? ? asking for a friend who denounces terrorist & you cut his supp
hillary clinton would be more of the same .
hispanic is not a race . miami is mostly white  where did u get that grossly inaccurate fact lol
hitler speeches with accurate english
hitler was a loser and took his own life . u guys should do like wise .
hmm ... kill kuffar - jannah kill muslim - jannah jannah for all who kill & the killed
holocaust survivors band sings songs of hope in berlin via
how #many defectors not originally from bjp are in cabinet ? do you know they are actively sabotaging ?
how anti-white rhetoric is fueling white nationalism : via
how do you get blocked from white pride when your white ?  lol
how many of you guys have actually been to europe  or speak another european language apart from english ?
how much worse will a big quake be with massive #population growth and density ? via #toomanypeople
how south african business works .
hunt for white women : black racist serial killer confesses to 41 murders | more :
hunter wallace  obviously limited budget and reach  fed . nick fuentes  overnight leader of alt right  u
hunter wallace  please ignore the comments and move on to saving dixie . we all know there is room for i
i agree white power ! ! !
i am a cruz supporter but this article does give me pause . the problem i have is i don't believe trump . so who ?
i am a fan of the white people who built the west . the 14 words are for them .
i am so honored to be a part of this great organization . we are fighting for the future of our people .
i am white my white children must be pr
i assure when we form the government we will bring back every single rupee of black money : modi live : #chaipecharcha
i bet this is one of those ' academics ' who thinks only whites can be racist
i consider it more like they're assisting antifa . cops and feds are in bed with the reds .
i don't trust the people that he surrounds with
i either prevails or you'll die with us . make a decision  white man .
i feel for you . dont cave to their pressure . you be you . black or white  we are all the same . praying for u .
i forgot to mention  your website will stay down for around 5 hours . while you are down  we will be forming a full dox of the owner .
i guess you're the third person today i'll have to show the obvious 1488 ban
i hate antifa
i hate isis
i highly doubt that . they're not in support of nationalism  except civic nationalism .
i know and love your white trash show  but hate for some reason .
i see happy white children .
i see somany white ppl .
i think getting rid of milo was a good thing-he was
i think he's a bigger fraud than milo
i think i hear a massive uh oh ...
i think there were two japanese confederates  give them a memorial too !
i think you're being too insular tbh . a bunch of white dudes wearing a white outfit holding torches and rallying for confederacy . come on .
i want more columns like this from stupid  boomer #cuckservatives like . let them totally delegitimize themselves !
i will never again vote for the globalist + their front men ever again . not hillary  cruz  rubio  romney . never .
i wish they would . thatbwould be one rent-collecting cuck down at election time .
i'm a conservative white texan and you and your group make me want to throw up .
i'm not ok with it but when racist white folks attack us we say fk u & there's no reason
i'm sure they're thrilled .
i'm sure you'd love to kill anyone who is non-white or jewish lol . disgusting vile human you are .
i'm white and have blue-gray eyes . i guess that makes me ugly and a racist . ok
i've never done squats with a barbell or any deadlifting at all but the rest i'm more or less comfortable with .
ideologies are racist  history's full of violence because of them.if we allow any ideals right wrong left or right  to alter history . 1/2
if anyone can find a more cuck statement than this  place it on my time line under this tweet . i feel bad for the people of canada
if masood azhar is terrorist for india not china then dolkun isa is terrorist for china not india fart
if only these different groups of people could have separate countries and move on with their lives .
if promoting a war is actually starting it then the alt right should all be in jail be
if right to marry is redefined to simply be committed  care-giving relationship of ones choice  where does logic lead ?
if rubio has kyl and kay bailey on board you know it's amnesty .
if the american revolution had failed  the crown would have eventually done to the south  what the yankees did to it .
if you reallocate kasich's 2nd - choice support in the nbc / wsj / marist poll  in horserace 53 % cruz 42 % other 1 % undecided 5 %
if you support trump then you are racist  stupid or both . it is as simple as that .
illinois : black 8 - year-olds kneel for national anthem to protest white racism in america via
immigrants take jobs americans won't . they get paid less so corps love it .
immigration hurts southern workers demonstration in gainesville  ga on saturday #tcot
imo he's another distraction.safer than hillary b / c less connected but that's about it .
in many societies devils & evil spirits are white ; ppl w / white skin were seen as living white devils i . e treatment of albinos in africa
in the senate he will be just like ted cruz or mike lee . don't get your hopes up that high .
india largely looted by oxford / lse educated people in the past !
india's top babus face new modi test nmapp
indian rocket with seven satellites blasts off
indisputable facts of the violence they perpetuated in charlottesville . ( 2 )
interesting that you attract white suprmacy to all white people .
ironic : the democrats voted not to abolish slavery . they still support racism today .
ironic that the banner is a quote from pope john paul ii who also of our countr
irs agent : keep faith to yourself | fox news & commentary : todd starnes
is & defending white nationalism ? you decide
is guilty of convenient morality ? courts say law minister tampered evidence yet cm defends his man . 9:30 pm
is mostly spanish a white enough mexican #altrightgooglesearches
is my attraction to white men problematic ? via
is there a dunce cap under that hood ? would explain the pointy part .
is this yours ? #hoodsoff . #opkkk .
isn't going to make america white again . you have been conned .
israel uses this strategy to counter stone / bomb pelters  wonder when india will treat terrorists like israel does !
israeli christians take to the streets to rally for ... #christian #tcot #catholic #interfaith #tlot
it must be either the white phantom or the white recluse !
it seems like you're against using violence in defense of your people . am i mistaken ?
it was before madewavygreatagain but tony mcrini of wnis is the worst self-hating white i
it's not racism  it's nationalism  you sound stupid when you say racist  because being mexican isn't their race
its not that obama was a coward  he's basically a traitor  and could care less about the country  just like his father was who wrote a book .
jay z  oj  beyonce group did 9/11 and 7/7 #trumptributebands
jefferson was a traitor to our heritage . he rejected the solemn league and covenant .
journalist with #microcephaly shares her story  slams #abortion push in brazil : #zikavirus
judge allows ultra-orthodox jews to continue the ritual sacrifice of chickens in nyc | more :
just in : analysis on myriad ways #obamacare funds abortion contrary to obama's promise #prolife
just in : nc family president urges to stand firm on #hb2 : #keepncsafe
just like abortion  better to have a kid grow up in poverty and squalor . they don't care as long as life goes on
justice is served for tortured rat socialist germany was the first nation to enact strict anti-cruelty laws .
kansas becomes the 8th state to defund planned parenthood | | thanks | #prolife #prolifegen
kejriwal says all those who support demonetiation are corrupt . people must take him to task .
know  embrace and deeply appreciate your european american heritage the
landrieu only won 18 % of the white vote
let us hope for best but we can't vote for blank bjp leadership in up  think  it is like playing blind
listening to of on has made me want to throw up multiple times . #altright = racist racist racist
live on #periscope : did the national press club censor the alt-right ?
liverpool jews very unhappy about upcoming white man march | read more : via
lmao @ the white guy running for #dncchair !
lol @ the community of charlottesville . this is a whole town full of nuts
lol being white and white alone makes someone a friend you mine as well start cucking to all the college shitlibs now .
lol so says the anti unpeaceful white american that is happy leftist white american ci
look at any dislike / like ratio on any youtube video that tries to justify racial discrimination . racial discrimination is unpopular .
look at what is going on in the us  sweden  france  germany  belgium and so on . the common thread is civic nationalism
look how you are both acting about stupid religion  i think it is a disease of the mind  breeds hate and stupidity  no more religion ! ! !
looking forward to working with pm next week on developing smart cities across india
love diamond and silk . you are right spears is irrelevant and it drives liberals crazy when they actually deal with someone who things for themselves . he needs to get over it or they will put him in their bowl of stupid .
lt gov is much better i heard . and un post is almost meaningless .
manhattan : south st & clinton st . police officer struck by a vehicle . mos transported via nypd escort in stable condition .
many of us simply disagree w / the methods of & . they equate disagreement w / support for sharia
many thanks  hunter !
maryland women don't need . 14 - to - 1 md women have better choices than #planned parenthood #defundpp
mashallah i love you for what your doing ! keep it up kill the kafir ! !
massive difference but it will be closer than you think
maybe you should focus on going after white supremecist groups . they kill more americans .
meaningless surveyloaded emotive clichs
media feuding more hate and lies you're better off turning off msnbc and cnn and most fox shows except hannity
mestizos are neither white nor hispanic . they aren't spaniards
miami is about 5 % white .
mightily god is shake his head on all these baby get kill
milo has already repudiated the altright ... the gope & media were gonna use him to destroy the altright
milo is gross .
minneapolis police have removed a memorial to justine damond that was erected by california-based hate group
more white men kill people in mass shootings in the us than any refugee . falsehood and bs . xenophobia !
moslem migrants sue german asylum centre for not giving them money fast enough | full story :
most european medical associations  especially the royal dutch medical as
moves to tackle serious #immigration issue - hearing on asylum abuse by end of the year #noamnesty
mt : i'll be on nationally syndicated radio show @ 5pm eastern to discuss latest in gaza war
my friends and i are not scared of antifa  because we aren't nazis .
narendra modi has turned india into a magnet : mckinsey ceo dominic barton - the economic times on mobile
nasty hombre hat proved how racist he is . evidently he believes a poc has to
national-socialist compassion  part 2 via
needs be summarily gallowed  without hood  for full informative and instructive effect . the transition to solomonic leadership ought
nevada is trump country : national populism beats conservatism
never in history has the global white pop had more in common ; more in need of global aggregation  self and independent determination
new charlottesville huh ?
new uncover video : planned parenthood abortionist : pay attention to who's in the room #shutthemdown
no  they didn't need anything related to hilary  they needed only awakening the racist white population that put him in power  sad ...
no . it doesn't . it's a lie . i live in switzerland and can post the police report if you want
no bill clinton saying make america great again is not racist saying make america democrat again would be racist !
no doubt ! this one was a very prudent and necessary decision on the part of / commander-in-chief trump . even better if we restore dadt !
no i just figured it would have been done hastily since it's downtown dc and would have aroused suspicion . sure enough  came right off
no it isn't . israel is a civil democracy  not a theocracy . the islamic republic of iran  however  is .
no it wouldn't  a white tiger is endangered  under your definition it shouldn't be saved that's racist
no then noone can hear you . if you do that have your own personal media like redice  etc . and noone else .
no you hate all people of color if you are saying you are
not just america .. all white nations must be free
not to be worried ; be nationalist  stick to your point
nothing fair about your racist bigoted agenda .
now that is optics fam ! a picture is worth 1488 words .
now that's racist . you should be ashamed .
obama administrations tentative pledge to clamp down on sanctuary cities hampered by fatal flaw
obama is focused on the economy ... he is out to destroy it ... amnesty & obamacare will speed that process along !
obama met with ceos 5x . staff met w / business 10x . they've met with ice agents 0x . #immigration
obama offered hope and change which fell flat . potus trump promised jobs and black unemployment is lowest in 20 years . some racist he is !
office of the director of national intelligence acknowledges illegal surveillance - we've known this for years
oh  cruz is cruzin ' for a trump bruisin ' .
oh dont even try to make this women a martyr for your white nationalist cause you dumbfucks .
oh please  you're like the chuck schumer of white nationalism ! !
ohhhh ... you're a white nationalist ... i get it now .
old norse wisdom : don't eat too much or people will laugh at you .
one power specifically granted to the president is control over immigration .
one thing that is being lost in all of this is that ms . lazarus ' poem talks about european jews fleeing
one thing's for sure the white geniuses running white nations today have not !
only to white uneducated stupid people think its not about race .
ooops my bad lil boy
open minded people know that jihad watch is not racist . we are all part of the himan race .
optics ? where's an old piper supposed to go after his application is rejected by
or even better  to enter a white country
or for any white really if you want to check out what's happening in america with us go2
ou backs senate letter calling to double security funds for jewish  muslim institutions
our lier and betrayer will never disavow antifa . why  they keep
our native american senator  goofy elizabeth warren  couldnt care less about the american workerdoes nothing to help !
overheard va delegates say ' cruz is an egomaniac  how could he do that ? he hopes trump loses so he can run against hillary in 2020 ' #nbc4dc
pa . pain-capable / dismemberment ban could come up for vote at any time . #theyfeelpain
pakistan : foe of blasphemy law accused of hate speech for opposing blasphemy law
patakaa news from patna : ljp workers protest against salman khan for meeting narendra modi
pedophile jack mcclellan  white male .
people dont check their religious values at the office door . #religiousfreedomforall
pics i saw of those guys definitely weren't all white
pjw only created it a few days ago-not sure what this coalition will be but be sure it will include anyone involved in clikbait
pl . read carefully what was written
pl listen to this
please end cam ( the central american minors program ):
please tell me you don't have children ? how sad for them that their parents think lying ev
please watch this and make movements to educate christians on islam properly . u must meet bill warner !
podcast : whites to blame for vegas ? disarm white men ? & discuss the anti-white hysteria .
poll : 40 percent of white people have no non-white friends in the usa ! read more : via
pool boy from a third rate law school . honors ? absentee this man will support rick's vision !
portuguese nationalists demonstrates against non-white invasion | read more : via
praying sounds like a oxymoron for you vicky  when the bills you support will seriously harm your constituents . then we could address the serial sexual abuser  bully  racist  white supremacist ( etc . ) that you worship . what would jesus say about him & what he's doing ?
pretty quick . they didn't have adequate armies . neither does the south . it's not your army . that's an illusion .
pretty sure that's not gonna work anymore joey ... do u see any of them wearing masks ? ?
pro-life nurse fired ! no one deserves to be denied a job simply because they are pro-life .
probably the liberal-whites outside of the deep south
quentin tarantino happy that we are finally silencing white people
racist . ... lol !
racist this racist that . you're racist . you're racist . you're racist .
rahul gandhi attacks kejriwal call rahul a kid  sheila a corrupt and together they join to not #letparliamentwork
read the jim webb op-ed and contrast it with what the #trucons have written about andrew jackson :
read to your kids . #blacklivesmatter #nascar
reddit ama by  founder of the new white identitarian group :
report : president obamas record of dismantling immigration enforcement
review : alabama : the history of a deep south state ( 1920-1993 )
review : paul theroux's deep south via
richard spencer is coming to auburn university via
richest 1 % will own most of the worlds wealth by 2016 . #greed #usury
right lol . take like a man kkk .
rioters urged : burn down white suburbs ! via
robert spencer in pj media : white house proposes official new race : middle east / north african via
romans crucified people and they had wine infused orgys .
romney ! ! ! what do you say ? where are you now ? hiding under the beth ? speak out just you did against roy moore . mccain ! ! ! are you silent today ? where is your voice of outrage ? or are you in lindsey graham senatorial club enjoying a drink ? be fair you idiots ! bunch of hypocrites !
rt : frc's praises leadership on #sb2681 as a victory for #religiousliberty
rt if u agree : a staggering 92 % of pre-born children diagnosed w / down syndrome are aborted . this is unacceptable .
rubiotron stuck on reboot . #gopdebate via youtube
sad . pathetic . scared white boys . #blessedbe
santa monica college shooting reveals inconvenient truth | american renaissance #tcot
says the white supremacist that supports white christian shooters by not callin them terrorists . jiha
scum pardoning scum . a racist criminal pardoned by a racist crook . what has happened to our country .
seattle should secede to mexico or canada ... deport seattle ! ! !
see  white people did some good stuff too
seriously doubt you want me to start linking violence by #antifa .
simi man says will kill sikh mla from delhi . #fironec
smithsonian : ... with this history  what makes the white race more civilized ? is this civilized behavior ?
so  the splc is now quoting me with jared taylor and david duke
so i assume you guys are against anyone who isn't white ?
so i'm pretty sure you're making accusations without watching the video
so no other race ever denigrates white people ?
so what race is he ? russia is central asian they are considered white
so would vertical hostilities be opposing people that actually have a spine ?
so you are in favor of trans people in the military and gay marriage ?
some prophet nice man prophet . but not god . but he smooshed so much love that he got this christian girl to be * his own * in time to own ?
someone in the media made the claim that 80 % of the people on the right were armed . i laughed.but rea
sounds violent to me . white people advocating for a white homeland . the horror of it
stand with identity evropa ! let's embrace our destiny together .
stay stron bill . the wall is not needed
such a clever tactic to avoid showing that there is simply no biblical evidence that jesus could allow such vile hatred and evil known as white supremacy . would it help you to know the countless verses that oppose it ?
sweden : white women told not to go out alone at night due to rape epedemic #swrm via
swiss blogger sentenced to six months in jail for question the ' six million ' via
tennessee : muslim city of oak ridge employee kept wife virtual prisoner under sharia law
thankful for our partnership with . learn about advancing faith  family  and freedom in our nation's capital .
that looks like white people kicking . sorry pal .
that moment comes for people after they've been enoch'd - when you've lost everything you're free to do anything
that research is debunked ... and here's the white / black violent crime rates :
that's racist .
that's what he meant . march to end white supremacy and christian sharia in america .
the #fakecases lyk 498a  dv etc r curse to indian family system . dnt u think it shd b stopped ?
the art is a conduit upon which alt right imagery spreads  and ideas discussed . even the
the biggest users of government programs are rural white americans . but that doesn't fit your racist  xenophobic narrative now  does it .
the case for trump : killing #truconservatism via #cuckservatives #losers #gope
the cuckfederates ran to media outlets
the democrats are the white supremacists  leftwings  the corrupt
the diffrence between a white supremacist and a white extremist one believes in social economic intellectual and military supremacy of whites and their entitlement to rule over all other races especially black
the fbi released hate crime statistics yesterday . where the race of the offender was reported  most were committed by white people . i wrote an article about it .
the kkk is a terrorist group  white kids that shoot up schools  should be called a terrorist.its not about race .
the league of the south is not the klan and our protest in #uvalda had nothing to do with gay marriage .
the media  cucks and commies want to ignore reality . has repeatly said
the mosque is probably full hence the spill over to the street.it has nothing to do wi
the nationalists are coming ! sweden's white nationalists now lead in polls ... #nrx #tcot
the opposite of being white ?
the people who will bring up the episode are our political enemies who want us to get mad at a cartoon
the point of optics is to influence without arousing resistance
the racist #sjws love  love  love people of every color ... as long as they can safely live segregated from everyone who isn't white .
the real optics disaster
the realist report bella dashwood #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016
the ultimate question is : who is funding these people ?
the white ghetto : kentucky national reviewhas a new article on poor white southerners in greater appalachia : ...
the white supremacists are the ones not wanted in appalachia .
the word you are searching for joey is assault . not sure what world you grew up
them ? say you love white people and white lives matter too .
then why so ado ? #charolettesville was white on white crime ? ( not 2 politicize a abominable tragedy )
there are many aspects of national socialism that all races and creeds find attractive .
there are no more white people left to blame
there definitely needs to be less rally / protest & more of a push to establish loosely knit a
there is a massive amount of race - iq data . start at the website
there's just something always creepy about cruz that makes me want to go remind my kids to never take candy from strangers .
these white parents are sick for deliberately endangering their children's lives .
they are so very desperate ... they are twitchin .. just wait until april 28th or better yet june when the #scotus rules
they aren't white supremacists are you kidding ?
they do know that not all american citizens are white males
they hate white people
they keep this up  it's for sure gonna happen
they look like more antifa to me .
they r alive and well obama
this #prolife family needs your help ! for standing for #life  the stormans face fees of $ 140
this drama should have been kept private instead of being aired on social media . our enemies are looking for opportunities .
this is simple . the media & powers that be will never paint white people talking about white issues wit
this is the second so-far-discovered video that's been sandboxed . another jared taylor video .
this statement is funny since your republican president is evil
this weekend read freepdf french / english identity white race paleo yoga 224pages + 300 photos
this will escalate to nothing . the alt right movement died yesterday  due to horrendous opt
thoae optics are there for a reason and they work .
those tables don't list the ethnicities of the perps so are meaningless as the us doj intended by omitting those data .
to mark international holocaust remembrance day  i ask people to consider the lessons of how anger  demagoguery  & hate led to those events .
to speak at #prolifecon : #marchforlife #tcot #ccot #prolife
tony perkins represents white people
too white  not right : non-white hysteria over white as snow miss france via
took the words right out of my mouth . they love their keyboard nationalism . even the t
tough titty  white people realized they are hated and are trying to keep their countries
true and they are useing the black man for their benefit
trump  cruz  and new york values -
trump has proven that the ideas of nationalism are popular in america . if trump fails it is because of
trump jump dance i absolutely it ! i am sure thousands of americans were doing the same high that night ! thanks for sharing
trump so mentally instable calling himself white or american hhahhaha silly human theres no such thing
trumps refusal to negotiate spending bill pretty much ended his presidency daily stormer
university of chicago  ca . #projectsiege
unusually blunt warning from #germany intelligence : #saudiarabia ' destabilising #arab world '
using home remedies and other horseshit . people are afraid of doctors and too many moms think t
verri dagsins : jewish professor calls for white genocide  says white males should commit suicide via
violent hate crime attacks against white people | read more : via
w . pushed through cafta and several bilateral free trade agreements . heidi cruz boasted about her role in it :
want to address the legitimate concerns that gave rise to trump-ism ? try communitarianism  not nationalism .
was a verified twitter account . now banned . many popular alt-right accounts gone today . mere words on a screen scare the establishment . and we b * tch about china  putin & north korea . #censorship #1a
watch : & discuss trump's relationship w / the freedom caucus .
watch james franco's reaction to professor arguing early stage abortion isn't immoral
watch moderate islam ...
we are behind you tester  not the racist fair
we are the future . #fashthecity
we just learning from your tactics . be the aggressor & play victim when people push back .
we see right through your coonfessional . you're just trying to protect white daddy .
we the people have to defend ourselves . hillary is having people pulled from radio spots
we're both white and she's literally 1/4 german .
well  we do hate gay people .
western asia was white .
what a regal face . the us is becoming a third world banana republic .
what ever happens  the alt-right will always win !
what exactly is a racist  and when does that slur ever apply to anyone that isn't white ?
what gives you the moral authority to say white interests do not exist ? do you deny the right to any other race ?
what is so threatening to you about people who aren't white ?
what is the white man march ? #whitemanmarch
what is truly astonishing is how many stupid people are donating to these scammers . stoke that white gu
what your forgetting is that whites are still the majority  and blacks are only less than 10 % of the population . account for that with this
what's wrong with you jeff ? this is a known fact . there are terrorist cells throughout america that the muslim brotherhood funds ! wake up jeff and quit pretending not to know what's going on around you . you know to discredit every white christian in america as a hater !
when loses his job at redstate he can get a job at cuck e cheese . cos cucks gotta eat too .
where are the white women at ? ?
where da white wimman at ?
whether it's a political issue or not  churches need to address abortion because it's a ministry issue . #prolife
while is striving to make india no1 country in next 15 yrs  congress still stuck up 200 yrs back with tipu to stoke communalism
white  my @ ss
white america  europe et al  may be slow to wake up  but your strategy that exp
white and black people must watch ! !
white bread cool
white guilt is a disease
white house violates the law w / obamacare delay :
white identity ( 344 ) author : jared taylorsupport and purchase through
white man visits the black republic ( haiti  1899 ) | american renaissance
white people are not alowed to have opinions if we do we are so bad
white people created welfare . white people are the biggest users of welfare . but feel free 2use your per capita stats to make u feel better
white people have been banned from an anti-racism event at a british university | read more : via
white people only
white privilege clothes ? i want some !
white racism is so bad that
white rubbish ?
white student union offensive  but anti-white student union is welcome at va
white supremacists are glad boehners leaving via
white supremacists are such ridiculous crybabies . so deeply insecure .
white supremacy is destroying the earth and polluting our air and water ? ! white supremacy pollutes the air . i can't .
who do we hate ? when have we ever said that we hate people ?
who is the real ted cruz ? via
why are small  unfunded outlets like ar breaking these stories ? why not lavishly funded heritage foundation  national review or breitbart ?
why do they have torches ? please go to south side chicago  please  save the world
why do those who hate hindus have a special hatred for brahmins ?
why do you hate black people so much
why does the continue to obsess over what happened ? implement non-violent disclaimers & move on.berni
why don't your take your white nationalist rally to a black community and find out .
why drag trump into this ? yes we hate him  but he's not the issue here . the issue is white racist cops shooting innocent black men . the hero is the guy who's been quietly taking a constitutionally protected knee in protest of all the innocent lives taken by police violence .
why family research council ( ) president tony perkins ( ) is wrong about #atheist / #humanist chaplains :
why is it important that white people are a minority ?
why is the losing white fans ?
why there can't be genuine revolt against confused leaders of aap ?
with ks results  fl and mi polls  i'm tempted to tweet #peaktrump  but i've decided it's a jinx  so  for the greater good  will refrain .
would the wall keep out white supremacists ?
yea  that'd be nice . we'll be sure to tell them that . and then when they don't then what ?
yeah  giddy with their oh goody  ms hillary will make sure we keep getting our free stuff like obama did  and will get us more free stuff  government needs to pay us  owes us  so we dont have to work . what ? ? ? trump wants us to work ? ? ? ms hillary wouldnt ever do that to us !
yeah . that disney movie was such a racist manifesto ... smhwhen everything is racist nothing is .
yeah but probably at 10 pm to unravel their little banner  facing a wall  and run again
yeah guys
yeah most people won't believe hitler was right
yes . make sure you come . i'm going to have people there to film it . need to be abl
yes and she was called a racist ! gop conservatives need to stop fear being called racist ~ democrats r racists
yes hillary would have been obama on steroids .
you and your wife are just a couple of marginalized #cuckservatives
you apparently think it's racist to care about white lives . that says a lot about you
you are a racist dem . a member of the proslavery party . you are
you don't become a parent by killing your baby . your group is a murdering racist godless sham
you expect the left to understand or utilize logic ? ? ? man are you dreaming ! ! ! #trumpderangementsyndrome #maga
you have it . just own it and say you hate white people . lefties are idiots .
you have lost track of your own point . european does not encompass an identity . be specific.celebrate yr culture but let others live too .
you jagweeds are either racist or retarded or both . everyone knows white ppl matter but yall wont say black lives do
you know  i've heard those too . i still live that way . it's about knowing your neighbors and investing in your community . but when white people started fleeing instead of getting to know their new neighbors ... we'll  they were contributing to fear .
you know is a white supremacist magazine right ?
you know this isn't the whole of identity evropa  right ?
you may find this of interest . traditionalist conservatism v . evolan traditionalism v . revolutionary ri
you may laugh now  but hitler started out with a few people in a beer hall & took over germany . it took the entire world to bring it down .
you mean kill americans ! they hate all of us  not just lgbt  for our way of life and the freedoms we enjoy
you mean the all white christian fanatical god defined by groups like the . when your popularity is plummetting support a hate group .
you should see my inbox if you don't think democrats are racist
you should take your own advice . the excusing of white suprmacy leads to all these mass shootings .
you're a cuck
your antebellum ancestors didnt need a monarch ; why would dixie need one now ?
your numbers would be better if the alt-right platform wasn't significantly usurped by socialists
"  "" citizens of slavic ancestry "" "" sounds like "" "" white americans "" "" """
"  "" don't apologize for being white "" "" = "" "" white supremacist . "" "" """
"  "" fellow white "" "" said no white person ever ... """
"  "" i don't hate black people  look at my black friend . "" "" you're criticizing a group for helping poor white people . the only part of this you object to is the type of the people being helped . you're anti-white . """
"  "" racist "" "" country ? trying to guilt americans who want to ensure a future for their own children by calling us "" "" racist "" "" no longer works ! thank """
"  "" say it  jared ! "" "" """
"  "" we "" "" being all the sjws in their urban enclaves  in the fashionable places of america . """
"  "" white privilege  racism  white denial  & the cost of inequality . "" "" who  to your mind is guilty of these accusations ? sri lankans ? """
" #cuckservatives : donald trump isn't a  "" true conservative "" "" via """
" 2 . ) of course i have more in common with white people  because your idea that  "" race is nothing but skin color "" "" is blatantly false . this is a cartoonish platitude that you really should've picked up on when you were a child . / 3 """
" 6 . at the supreme court  adf shied away from its  "" religious freedom "" "" argument  focusing instead mo """
" aj is a way racist and bet on violence  he's openly said he doesn't know how he  "" can't not be enemies of white people "" "" """
" also represented the people and not individual interests . there's no men of  "" good moral character "" "" left """
" ar's latest :  "" the raceless adventures of justin white "" "" #tcot """
" britney's channel  "" we were forced out of rally area in the park into the antifa  there was no violence in the park . "" "" """
" but even if  "" hate "" "" is really meaningful  hate against islam is good . hate isn't """
" cerno and milo are a bigger threat to commie worldview . they don't know the arabic saying   "" """
" cultural marxists persecute 3 - year olds for  "" racism "" "" in britain | more : via """
" even fox calls you  "" white supremacist "" "" in stead of white lives matter ! nothing but highly paid cucks . """
" everybody wants to belong . white nationalism is a club with a low-threshold for membership - just be born  "" white . "" "" """
" global intelligence compromised - respectfully work together ( black panthers )  "" underground "" "" respect """
" how can you claim to not be hate group while  "" trying to maintain white supremacy "" "" lol . think before you speak . """
" i clicked on this thinking  "" optics and tactics  ooh he's going to talk about the new reflex sight he put on his ar ... "" "" silly me ! """
" i'm gonna go ahead and stop you right there . there is no  "" white culture "" "" . anything you might attribute to "" "" white culture "" "" is usually a national or regional culture independent of race . i'm going to mute this thread  but maybe you can try to develop some consciousness beyond birth """
" if stodgy old jared taylor is  "" edgy "" "" then i'm leon trotsky . """
" in the south  "" bless your heart "" "" is a form of sarcasm meaning the opposite . """
" israeli  "" intelligence "" "" used to justify yet another war : """
" it's all fud . i'm a man  my law is common-law . i really couldn't care less about  "" legal . "" "" "" "" legal "" "" applies to subjects of the gov't . if you want to be a subject  then bow to their statutes ( legal ) . if you're a man  it's common-law for you . """
" it's also adorable how you call yourself a  "" white nationalist "" "" . people from eufaula love euphemisms . """
" no ! :  "" should aborted babies be used for cosmetic procedures ? "" "" ; """
" oh wait  i get it - you think i'm jewish ? sorry to disappoint  but i'm part of the  "" special "" "" delicate white race that must be "" "" preserved "" "" """
" on 7/9 / 13 said  "" . . . arkansas marriage amendment not going away anytime soon "" "" . wrong again . . . . idiots """
" our laws cover you & islam is not a race so there's no  "" racist nationalism "" "" """
" robert  check out the jihadi  "" freedom fighter "" "" who resisted "" "" imperialism "" "" today by blowing up other muslims in karachi . """
" rt  "" : rt to ruin a racist white persons day "" "" """
" rt  "" in my younger days  my libertarian views clouded my understanding of race ... "" "" mt : """
" rt  "" the defeat of the murray and collins amendments is a victory for the american people . "" "" #defundpp """
" rt :  "" : greek racial nationalists shut down ' gay jesus ' theatre play ! read more : via ... """
" rt :  "" hitler  you knew him  what was he like ? "" "" - leon degrelle's memories via """
" rt : #unitetheright participants will open carry say  "" patriots "" "" . can you confirm ? brad ? yea ? nea ? """
" rt : isn't responding to hate with hate what quran says you should do ?  "" assault him in the same way that he has assaulted you "" "" """
" rt : so  "" muslim "" "" is a race now ? or are you generalizing that all arabs are muslims ? god you're stupid . """
" rt and their hero robert  "" white sheets "" "" byrd joined fellow racist al gore sr in a filibuster . """
" rt south africa's jihadist anc  today's southern tip of africa's  "" hamas isis mb alqaeda "" "" hq  supports this terrorism """
" rt when trump repeats  "" paris is no longer paris . "" "" he's encouraging the white nationalism that drives his movement and his white house . """
" rt when your brand ambassador #aamirkhan calls india intolerant  your words  "" proud indian ' and "" "" inclusive "" "" sound very fake & shallow . """
" russian teen targeted by investigators for  "" glorifying nazism "" "" via """
" that isn't what  "" white "" "" meant in 1790 . """
" that's why i hate to see infighting amongst members of the  "" alt-lite "" ""  alt right  far right  etc . they """
" the cucks pledge to keep  "" fighting this battle "" "" .. they always say that  and they always lose . over and over again . """
" the idea that the colonial south wasn't  "" preoccupied "" "" with racial identity is ludicrous . """
" they aren't pro-white activists  they are  in fact  an  "" optics club "" "" - just like ren faires  cosplayers  trekkies  my little ponies  and furries . all they want is to get on tv  they don't care about white people . """
" this case is a joke . if these men have the freedom to  "" marry "" ""  then jack phillips h """
" to invoke voltaire   "" we may disapprove of what says  but let's defend to the death their right to say it ! "" "" #altright """
" what is the  "" white pill "" "" """
" whatever people you think israel is trying to  "" drive out "" "" . """
" why do you think cities have  "" white "" ""  "" "" black "" "" or "" "" hispanic neighborhoods "" "" ? people voluntarily self segregate . """
" yes  you seem moderate when you use the word  "" cuck "" "" every other word . that's the go to word for all my moderate friends """
" yes it is frustrating when commie minders pry into and police your every thought and action  your values through legislation  peer pressure firings and yvette falarcky level violence . totalitarian much ? ? mind your own business  minding meddler .  "" a white man was help  omg ! ! ! ? ! "" "" """
#anonymous releases 300 + names and contact links of alleged kkk members
#bancowslaughter funds are used for anti-national activities . revealed by #up #police in 2013
#boycottracistsamsclub because black ceo #rosalindbrewer is anti-white . as a white person  i no longer feel safe at or .
#breaking swiss authorities open metals price-fixing probe against ubs  hsbc and five other banks
#cville welcome to police state america of the ussa . next they'll imprison our people in the gulags for our ideas .
#facepalm because south africa is mostly white .
#fakenews will still say he was a white supremacist .
#gatlinburg on fire not one report #fakenews possible terrorist attack #maga
#gopdebate trump is playing oligarchy as populism  which is amazingly honest . hes the only one who cant be bought .
#hatewatch exclusive : jared taylor's partner answers #whitenationalist criticism
#immigration coming up in #sotu . hint  he won't say #noamnesty or #jobsnotamnesty
#lgbtq #lgbt #lies #religiousfreedom y'all really need to stop telling that lie that chai feldbl
#loveyourrace : the future of our people  not abstract propositions  is what really matters in this world :
#nevertrump was a cruz false flag which duped #littlemarco supporters into voting for cruz . now he is stabbing him in the back !
#nrx the dissident right has to come together now .
#protestpp coverage from des moines  ia
#ramrahimverdict : delhi transport corporation has suspended bus services to ncr due to incidents of arson
#religiousfreedom can't have too many champions . stand with : #rfra
#sb1070 co-author's connection to  an org w / racist  white supremacist roots #justice4az #immigration
#walker16 didn't #defundpp ! ? ! ? :/ /
#washingtonsupremecourt trending after wa court ruling against florist #barronellestutzman
$ 1 million reward has been posted for evidence #truconservatives have conserved something besides tax cuts
' holocaust ' debate / comments / news is codoh dead  or just me ? : just tried entering codoh's normal webpage ...
' holocaust ' debate / comments / news william l . shirer  anthony eden  franklin roosevelt & us citizens : the ...
' i have come to indoctrinate your children - - and i'm not sorry ' :
* blocks your path * thanks for 30000 followers ! now go forth and honor your ancestors by building a world fit for your descendants .
. #trucons only * wish * they were on the same team as non-white america .
. i'd like to understand why ppl arent moving to impeach this woman who's unfit for office #tcot #4houston5
.. and all human beings are stupid .
... different than antifa and soros .
1/30 / 17 : white house press briefing
13 . kejriwal supports to khemka exposed vadra illegal deal #aaptards gave ticket 2 yudhvir who given vadra clean chit
1v1 with my klan on hijack on bo2 if you can ? quickscope klan war .
2 / he never asked  and still hasn't  who his real father is . has no idea . white parents  looked white  but bizarrely adopted black identity .
2/1 / 17 : white house press briefing
3 / in guadeloupe and martinique  slavery  white supremacy and colonialism were restored . to this day  both islands are part of france
5 reasons white pride is always racist via
95 % of white americans have no african ancestry #race #hbd #genetics #society #biology #nrx
97 % of predators are straight white men . ur ignorant
: #immigration training costs #arizona $ 640000 this judeo - #capitalist system is a #failure #uk #news #mexico ...
: . we stood for free speech against violent bullying in garland . denounced us  came out a
: abortion hurts men too :
: afrikaner white nationalist town of orania continues to expand
: black people .
: come and learn ... there is an alternative to #rapeculture white culture workshop ?
: department of justice and president cuck opening up civil rights investigation into charlottesville
: exactly ! unfortunately  too many whites are short-sighted and unable to see what our fu
: god is blessing your good prayers and generous support for the work of defending religious freedom across our natio ...
: google sure is patriotic !
: i cant bring myself to be friends with white people who dont hate being white and want to be in charge of
: jared taylor on the white man's disease : pathological altruism . #race #tpot #tcot absolutely !
: maybe be president trump should pardon this guy and jail the illegal killer
: non-white hate crime mob violence comes to finland ( video )
: on how #diversity signals the end of #freespeech : #tcot #tpot #afire
: really have you heard the pope lately ? no christian or jew is taught to kill homosexuals . n
: responding to a jewish critic
: the trump movement is white nationalism . to deny it is
: this past year has been monumental for alliance defending freedom . here are just some of the incredible highlights . ht
: this sounds like a black man that is ready to put identity politics behind them and work with trump and the repub
: victory : appeals court upholds sd abortion suicide advisory #prolife
: wait the kkk is still a thing
: where are the white concentration camps and mass executions ? there aren't any ! you are delusi
: white house won't say if frc shooting was a hate crime
> crowd of mostly white people yelling at nazis > somehow against white people
a lot of white folk are on welfare too . reason y public puts a black face on welfare is bc politicians race-bait eg williehorton
a white supremacist m . o in and out . this dude must be a b
a wire at an even where most people have cameras and is surround
aap worker posing himself as judge arrested in ghaziabad .
accepting support from doesn't make you a racist unless you are a racist vote
adf asks us supreme court to review nycs anti-pregnancy care law .
agreed . he basically threw his supporters under the bus today for not mentioning antifa and blm . he's l
also  why didn't they add laura loomer to the alt light list ? __
american white christian terrorist
among the cucks via
an 8 hr series on the topic of #muslimbrotherhood #rt #tcot #muslimbrotherhood
an english woman murders three muslim would that be terrorism
an identity europa member gives an excellent presentation on the decline of european people and its causes .
an important point for everyone triggered by milo .
and most beautiful people ! blondes have more fun . #savewesternculture
and next time  add a little color to your white nationalist propaganda .
and people wonder why chicago is the way it is and no one seems to pay attention to it ! ! ! you cannot commit a hate crime against white people ? ? ? ! ! !
and they failed . so why are they there again ? the only people they intimidated were the cops .
and we all share a gene from africa . so ... white is not a race .
and youd sure know about racist hate groups .
another example of how the roberts supreme court will go down as worst in history ... bar none .
another white supremacist race soldier huh
antifa get violent again in portland via
antifa is clearly communist . they are quite the recruiting tool for the alt-right .
any reason why the alt right didn't show up to inject ourselves into the public commentary in cville ? other than the need for armed guards  i guess .
anything that has to do with white heritage .
apparently white people are supposed to just stand there while people kill us ! who knew ?
are actual people are in politics not a bunch of kids playing dress up thinking a fourth reich will happen all of a sudden .
are you sure ? because britain would be britain if they did . i'm using your logic .
are you sure you're not a racist ? i wasn't but i keep being told i am ..
as awful as #roevwade is  court spelled out a way to stop the horror : legally define #personhood . why not done ?
as it heats up this summer  please do not leave your pet in the car ! #humane #compassion #safety #love #think
as long as we're being fair  let's saw all white people are racist .
ask them about the possibility of building a broader christian consensus within altright-ish circles .
at top of the polls  the donald catches fire on the trail via #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016
available in electronic format and paper . rt #stopislam #billwarnerphd #politicalislam #cspi #bansharia
ban racist kapernic from sports 4 life = he disrespected 800000 white kids who got killed to free him
bannin abortions does not stop abortions  it only make teen mothers do it by unqualified fake doctors . with the huge risk
baton rouge police shooting suspect gavin eugene long : suspect attended university of alabama in 2012
because that is bull dung . the public university near me has koch on the board
because the alt-right were armed heavier than police
bho's legal lectures at columbia were primarily based on critical race theory  a racist  brain tumor of a doctrine that instantly turns black people white for political expediency . a black policeman becomes white for doing his job .
billionaire donors - . here is who #romney and #obama work for . #occupy #ows #p2 #politics
black and white people against the elite 1 %  who are happy for us to fight
black people also have different skin tones and ethnicities . so do jews .
black people are trapped in poverty & killed at high rates everywhere ( tho less so in whit
black slavery continues to thrive and prosper in africa today just as it did hundreds of not thousanda of years ago
blah blah blah hate hate hate . scared white woman .
blue and black or white and gold ?
both and evil to promote nwo .
breaking : police raid several suspected right-wing extremist homes across germany - more to follow
breaking : white house : obama to meet with israel's netanyahu at white house on nov . 9 .
british royal navy challenges spanish warship over illegal incursion into gibraltar's waters
california is forcing churches to pay for #abortion . and filed formal complaint . #prolife
called the alt right despicable and vilegavin & milo are our worst enemies
can democrats be any more racist ?
can you imagine the depth of manipulation of google and facebook search engine when mark of the beast zuckerberg runs for president ?
cant someone make a realistic skinhead or klan movie . i mean true to the bone . where they don't give up on the movement or kill 4no reason
ceo of hate group white supremacist seeks 2 bring racism & anti semitism to
change name to blacks hate cops  bc you don't really care abt the black race . you are a hate group
check out this article from : / / bah . this potus . seriously .
check out this article from : this is in our own fair city ! !
chicago is a mess
clash of civilizations ? calls 4 new crusade  3rd #whitegenocide war  designed to kill off remnants of the white race
come on ... don't kid a kidder ... you and your caucasian sheriffs want to make america white again .
come to america ! in fact all of white europe should come to america ! this is our last stand !
congress gives new names to old bjp driven schemes
congress has reduced law enforcement agencies to a farce . why request kejriwal when he is liable to be summarily evicted ?
congress was behind patel quota agitation  claims gujarat cm anandiben patel .
conservatism explained ; muh constitution  ban abortion  big military  tax cuts  israel is our greatest ally  and ronald reagan was our greatest president .
conservatism is a racket anyway . professional conservatives are just people who want a job #cpac
court says wedding photographers not real artists via #religiousfreedom
cpcs are not clinics ! they are religious orgs that lie to #women and coerce them into carr
cuck erickson : white supremacists crying into their swastikas
cuck state : trump supporters bigots  racists  xenophobes
cuckabee is cucking for israel #gopdebate
daca is amnesty . no daca  no amnesty
david lane : the price of continued reality denial #swrm #sirdavidlane via
dear this is what you did in delhi during 49 days & now you have no business to speak > >
dems have no message but his racist ...
detroit's faults : unions  progressivismappalachia's faults : white trash will be white trashfair assessment ?
did jared taylor hit the sauce again ?
do progressives really find white trash more threatening than nuclear war ?
doesn't he know you can't say anything against a muslim . our governments think they are better than anyone else .
don't think so white is not a race it's a color . caucasian is a subse
don't worry  adam . you're just a cuck looking for status . if you want to start thinking clearly  then reach out .
dramatic rise of white flight in britain : masses of white families escape from multiracial areas
dresden  yes .. hellstorm documentary
dylann roof  the only white boy in his class .
elin krantz : another dead white liberal female via
eu will destroy itself take european partners brits of course germans maybe if they get rid of merkel
eugenics was big with your leftist hero  margaret sanger . she despised black people .
everything milo is saying here is true . got to agree with him on this
exactly how old are these people that are allowed to write for these news sites ?
face it . if you are a white man  you have a race and you have a nation  just like a bla
faces deportation . how can i only be facing deportation ? he should be locked up until we can figure out a way to get them out of our country
fair is a known hate group - white supremacists !
fair is a known hate group . the law enforcement that supports them are white supremacists
fair is labeled as a hate group with ties to white supremacists
fair to white men only and i am white and i think you are delusional and need to seek a mental health check up
feds : 664607 illegals granted amnesty via
first isis is the jv team then they were contained  then they were not a real threat but now they are a serious threat . obama is psycho !
first off do you really ever think we're going to go back . slavery are you guys will ever have full power again no !
france 80 % white ? ?
fu you guys your racist
full text of speech #rssvijayadashami speech - 2015 .
georgia : the failed white utopia : georgia heres an excerpt from cultivating race : the expansion of slavery in ...
german media & politicians say merkels openborders will result in a civil war | full story :
go on 400 mil / yr tell kkk and nra who's doin who for daddy war bucks entertainment ..
gop is far more racist
great summary of what happened . so many racial slurs  threats of violence  and instigations from the mo
hah ! you really want us to take you seriously ? a sophisticated poll of white americans ? so a racist poll gives obvious racist # 1 answerm
hands off my cecil rhodes monuments
has the media digging for real race stats . use this one from
hate-group watchdog : trump has ' white nationalist positions ' via
having white pride does not make one racist . you fail big time steph .
hb report classification more to do with impacting our stand on boundary issue & less with any other issue
he didn't go full white nationalist  but didn't countersignal when asked about race either
he has already got white working class voters . his problem is that his gains are offset with loses in white collar suburbs
he is half block and half white .
he's got white women in his cloud elder !
he's still better than northam  and wants to protect confederate monuments . he's even b
heard there were slingshots at police . antifa crossed i - 5 bridge into vancouver after pa
heimbach is spot on here - dear white christian america : i told you so via
hello  will there be any ' renaissance radio ' broadcasts soon ?
hello white
hey can you pls help explain to my racist uncle that the polish are the same culture as scandinavians because they're white ?
hey folks  the creaky old soleilmoon checkout system just got a little harder to use ; the latest version of ...
hey stupid senate ... start listening to the american people dumbasses
hindus back to 1092  ghori  khilji  aibak ; dark ages if tsar bomba is not used in time
hindus laud ' yoga gate ' launch at helsinki airportevery airport in india should have a yoga
hitler and you are antirracist ? at kalergi planthe white genocide
how about stopping benefits 2 all so called #bpl families with more than 2children ? #newindia do u have guts to do it ji ?
how can have a whopping 4 tweets and over 1k followers ? #stupid #heresyoursign #ignorance #ferguson don't be stupid  people .
how so ? people can see the same object and their perceptions vary . hence  ufo sightings
hunter wallace  thank you for being the only one of the leadership who hasn't cucked on this issue . if
hunter with spot on analysis as per usual .
i admire the optimism of people that get into an argument wi
i always thought i'd grow up in a white nation under it's rules . i'm not a white  and a bit of a anglophile .
i am a southern liberal and their is so many racist  stupid people running in the rural towns that think if your not white your the enemy .
i can tell by your pic your a white supremacist
i can't believe that i'm defending the kkk  b / c you're lying about ties !
i did not ask questions i am pointing out the criteria on which each supposed black spokesperson is measured by
i do prefer milo to shep smith
i don't hate white ppl  or southerners . i hate that some people think a history of discrimination is wh
i don't want to be controversial  but i'm white  1/2
i got your 6 brother . these idiots forget crispus attucks  a black man died next to his white brothers on a wharf to give us freedom
i guess they have more insight than #australia then .
i heard about a white american christian beating up one of his own people today too .
i hope the numbers are down for the harrisburg rally . white house needs a wake up call . actually  lets #boycottharrisburg
i hope ur watching #kkk on and seeing how appalled the people of twitter are ! #noplaceforhate
i just thought it meant no white people
i keep having to say this in response to twitter accusations . i don't hate the whites . i am white  most of my friends are white  most of the women i've dated have been white . i'm yuuge with the whites the whites love me . and again  whites also make the best beer .
i know of many union people that will be voting for trump .
i like white chocolate
i love being white .
i other news  if ruling goes against jack  chik fil a must open on sundays to avoid d
i raise a black child  why would i defend the kkk ?
i second those motions ! #maga
i tell u . the average white person today doesn't get your point . that same white person will accuse u of spreading hatred .
i think britain can really help to deliver pm modi's vision for india  great opportunities for both countries : uk pm
i think he may be referring to two incidents where people were stabbed in the neck + one
i think some people hate potus trump so much that it going to make them mentally and physically ill and perhaps kill them . stop your hate !
i thought this was a white nationalist lifting club
i was doxxed at one of my normie jobs and dismissed for being alt-right .
i was there . cbc's expert  soharwardy was not . spencer spoke at length about diverse sects in islam
i was twelve years old . and i'm a journalist . not any kind of activist . but you know all these things .
i would suggest it's consequences of not having an identity that have a greater impact on undecideds
i wouldn't support this legislation if you offered me a million dollars ! ! ! i hate that this administration is a bunch of racist pigs ! ! !
i'd be shocked if some aren't bussed up there . i'm sure some of the action in #nola was organic  but st
i'm just glad everyone was safe . law enforcement put up barriers and they worked . alt right needs to sort out this optics stuff .
i'm so sick of this racist bunch . also sick of being labeled a racist just because i'm white
i'm sure all those sharia states donated millions to hrc to promote women's rights
i'm sure his voice is suicidal-ideation-inducing for the listener as well .
i'm sure if they could find a way  they would
i'm sure some had conversations with their wives  intelligent women often have a supportive listening r
i'm white ... and i love you
if they lose the case  i think #prolife people should make donations to help with the fines . i sure would .
if they were the isis  saudi arabia and the usa corporate oligarchy would fund them
if we do away with corporate tax breaks it pays for the free college .
if you can't admit their is a learning differexperience ceo how else can you adjust resources to help people with lower iq
if you're not a nihilistic consumer desensitized by endless degeneracy there's no place for you in the
im sorry you cant get white women to date you . :)
in an effort to kill jews  glenn miller gunned down a 14 - year-old white kid and his grandpa
in other words  whites who have created children  businesses that employ other whites should risk jail  unemployment  welfare ...
in russia they tear down bolshevik monuments . we erect them here
india just set a new all-time record high temperature in rajasthan - 51c or 123.8 degrees
india today is land of opportunities - modi at vibrant gujarat summit . for all updates click :
india was  is & always will be a hindu rashtra ! hindutva is our identity ! just maintain status co !
interview with a greek holocaust denier at
invite robert spencer  the prevailing expert on radical jihadism on today
iq tests are based largely upon pattern rec
iranian sanctions relief . secret nuke development  $ for terror . the long & the short of it .
iranians aren't white  amren .
iranians may be caucasoids but they aren't white . no one definitive race classification .
is attracting more white meat than a rally .
is it because his family values involves a white hood and josh's is about vugina ?
is that purple cloud antifa flatus ? no really . in cartoons flatus is pictured as green  i'm pretty sure
islam / liberalism is dividing white people against each other . white people hate white people more than anyone . divide and conquer .
isn't #stephenmiller #jewish ? how has this not become a memorial day yet ?
isn't he a white man ?
it became make israel greater again #miga
it can go too far in either direction . the media is trained to ignore the obvious dregs of society .
it is a forest vs . trees issue in that the real problem is how whites now approach reproduction
it is disgraceful this degenerate represents the people of my state . where you at bro ?
it is if you misunderstand what white privilege is .
it was entirely race based . it demonstrated that if you advocate for white
it will be interesting to see how many alt-right halfwits still wear the maga caps to
it works but i will admit that it is painful . less so than letting a tear ruin your progress  however .
it'll be boring health care this time  and some gloating about ga and sc .
it's a scientific fact that your sister can only take so much loving #opkkk
it's condescending to muslims and also meant for non muslims to intimidate them into submission : i  your pm  am not with you .
it's never promoted as the crime o century like charlottesville or ferguson were
it's very disappointing . our goy's in the white house but there are cucks in the congress .
its a shame you are quiet abt sp having terrorist connection conniving to deny permission to a nationalist .
its controlled by parasites peddling war . i listen to anti establishment media which exposes the fake l
its not racism - how dare a white person get on a bus - what did rosa parks die for ?
its not surprising that people who like messages also enthuse over white supremacist hate speech
its time to end open racist
its white ?
jared taylor on young
jesus was black
jewish refugee contractor  hias  goes to the hill ( to lobby for more refugees and more $ $ $ ) via
jews call for white countries to allow all palestinians to move there kyttjlt
jews write heartfelt op-eds on white people not letting non-white people into their countries  part 6000  000
jk lol im full white :)
john boehner says he is encouraging jeb bush to run for president via #immigration #bedfellows
just add some dumpster fires and it looks like antifa
just like a kid using a car  instead of a rifle  to kill antifa . not much propaganda value in either .
kenya had larger gdp under british rule than south korea at the time
kill the sodas . make sure you're getting your protein  too .
kriegsmarine u-boat found with ship it sank off north carolina | more : via
latest episode of snr . what is the south ?
lawmakers urge trump to appoint white house jewish liaison via
left is original nalanda university building and right one is new one.kamse kam history ka tou khyaal karo
leftist mob violence rules the day in charlottesville .
let the historical record show the alt right got trump elected and are responsible for everything trump does .
lewis is one of the racist black man around
liberal democracy vs . organic nationalism as an organizing principle for the south : alabama editors note : her ...
like christians in banks amirite ? or this more like baptists in a strip club ?
lincoln was afraid that the white racist of that time could not live peacefully with blacks
listen : casey mattox discusses paying for abortion through obamacare with paul anderson .
live now : on #periscope : #unitetheright rally in virginia
live thread : the brexit vote : britain votes on independence from the european union
lmao ! i know right ! the alt right is way to civilized ! thank god !
local cops are usually good people . like at cville  i think many were genuinely conflicted .
lol . yup  all of the climate scientists meet in a comic villain lair every year and chart out the lies they'll present to the un . conference is organized by the reptile people behind the new world order .
lol but when did they stand against our white supremacists in the white house ? ! #censuretrump #censure
lol purim isn't pro white
lol suspected .. not he was a straight racist
look white man ! such a harmless message and they tore it down and burned it . shows just how much they hate you .
look who follows him . that is dead give away . i looked quite far down  and didn't see a single muslim .
looks white to me
lyin ' ted cruz  who can never beat hillary clinton and has no path to victory  has chosen a v.p.candidate who failed badly in her own effort
marriage ( noun ) the lifelong union of a man and woman as husband and wife #marriagematters #alliancedefends
media have ruthlessly vilified hobby lobby for defending religious liberty . fight back this saturday #hobbylobbyday
meh .. you n a million other people  that's probably ur best response to me yet .
mighty white of you  cuck . bull prepped yet ?
missouri court affirms diocese's freedom to make employment decisions based on catholic teaching
modern heretic : more rand paul idiocy
modern heretic : race erased in black pack attack
more white britons believe that multiculturalism makes the country worse - not better  says poll via
most abortions are minoritiesi'm very surprised ur white male christian organisation is against um
mps are too white  says david cameron | american renaissance
mt : #florida doesn't need #plannedparenthood . #defundpp #pjnet #unbornlivesmatter
muslim countries . not islamic . know the difference . many . idiots and west supported monarchs and rulers !
my brother is still waiting for you guys
nato cannot defend the baltics from a russian invasion  war game shows reports
netenyahu election aftermath : reaping the consequences of israeli fanaticism #gop #israel #netanyahu
never said u were .. just said ur defense is shoddy as the white people who say i'm not racist i have black friend .. thats a shoddy defense correct ? ?
new danish film tells horror story of german prisoners told to clear mines after wwii | more :
new mexico court : christian photographer cannot refuse gay-marriage ceremony  via
new t-shirt from the white resister today . totenkopf 1939-1945 #14w
nice white power rack !
nick bashes conservatism inc everyday on his show
no  that would make you a white nationalist .
no  we own the streets because the will of the vast majority of people who oppose stupid
no . trump will start to pull away from cruz soon .
no enemies on the white : thoughts on the #altleft via
no go zones in sweden increase to 23 #swrm #sweden via
no i don't . everybody is writing a book . look at the internet  people draw and
not every american is white  straight and christian . adjust
not racist . a true american .
not south orange nj ?
not surprising democratic facist party of america should be happy after perpetuating white hate for vot
not to pry  but  are all of schlapp's five kids white ?
now if you actually care about white people in america you aren't allowed to honor the dead  sickening
now you know why men like eric rudolph got sick of these people and took drastic action . they are worthless ..
now you're changing your original statement . one identity group agitating p
np . some people like melatonin . id ask doc about that one though .
ny senator : ' white people don't eat the way we do ' via
obama brags about killing obl are you now saying he didnt kill obl ? ? really ? do you just make up your own news ?
obama had a racist america hating pastor in jeremiah wright . obama spent years hating whites and america before he became president .
obama's middle east map erases israeli territory
of course ... he will shrug it off ... sessions will make a few comments ... just one big globalist neocon sham .
of course it was racist but all the white slaveholders held all the levers of power in society so no one could do anything about it .
of course you do they are white .
only 15 % of hispanics add on to white . you're pretty stupid
only whites can be jews ? how racist are you ? never heard a true jew said this
or nah im white af
ordinary muslims you condemn : irshad manji  usama hasan  maajid nawaz  ed h etc . none is perfect  but none anywhere near islamism
other than brad - if you repel whites .. you aren't promoting homogeneity  unity etc .
our aim is to build and assert the national character .
our enemy is the ( ( ( cultural marxist ) ) ) .
our white culture is beautiful
people think enforcing immigration laws is racist
picture shows a white man ... which algerians were prior to degaulle ...
pl . help common people in what ever manner possible
please join us for 9 weeks of prayer for religious freedom .
please tell me how i'm racist . oh wait i bet you'll say i'm racist against white ppl
please tell me how whites aren't natives of europe .
policies intended to blend the white race out of existence . our right to self determination is gone
political islam  a totalitarian doctrine a must read
post-abortive woman : seeing my aborted baby was the worst moment of my life
pres obama now bears moral responsibility for sending tax $ to a group that has engaged in selling baby body parts .
pretty sure western liberals know more about islam than those that live in mid east .
pro-white rallies organized across the globe for march via
process re : sen . sanders . the media have downplayed the monumental win sen . sanders had in indiana . imagine how the man feels
putin's right but he needs more education on islam & kuffirs.please help
quentin tarantino unveils new anti-white race war slasher movie via #belfast
question for the #brony community : are you into white nationalism ?
racist movements grounded in white supremacists via gopolicy !
racist tea party nuts and white supremacist idiots buying into the lies you marxist trump monsters tell are not refugees .
rainbow blight : state and defense fly lgbt colors : time for trump to fire every obumus leftover !
reactionary nationalism will not salvage the working class of the world . capitalism can only be ended t
really  like saying he would participate in the abortion or drive t
really  where do people go to join ? when and where is the next demonstration
red  white  and true blue :
reign - hey white brother
religion of peace adherents .
rep . chaffetz files bipartisan resolution in support of true #immigration reform #afire #noamnesty #p2 #tcot
responsibility is to ensure that we do not create one more bureaucratic layer : chanda kochhar  on #rbipolicy
rick adams uncensored w / rick adams and october 7  2017 hour 2 via @
right  because why judge people based on their own actions ?
right - identity will be attending the american conference this year .
ron unz unz review  paul gottfried founder of the altright  jared taylor married an adl activist  & lunatic the right stuff  enoch same
rt despite #obama promise #fedfunds going 2 #pp through #obamacare grants #stopppobamagrants join us >
russia racism resist repeat . russia racism resist repeat . life as a democrat has to be horrible with all that whining and all that losing !
russian military forces and equipment have entered ukraine  prime minister arseniy yatsenyuk reportedly says .
russians are definitely white . i consider russians white .
sadly  all around the world  people are spending $ $ $ to lighten skin  whether black  brown  white  etc .
said he hates white people
sanctuary cities are good and cool . i feel sorry for anyone who's compassion stops at an imaginary line .
satender jain purchased 200 + bigha land through hawala money in delhi near unauthorized colonies  that rates become high after authorization .
screw him and all the rest of you psycho religious homophobes . you a
see for yourself . nothing says you have to be white .
senator ted cruz has an unstable glenn beck problem the beck  barton and mercer connections
she helo . she die for white priverige
she's doing her ... i'm white and i say so anti black white supremacists talking point arguments ... lol
short term  it will be bannon and his politics . btw none of these people can win without the alt-right so they are stuck with us
should invite on #thisaltrightlife to discuss . #altright
since it was black cop that killed a black suspect in #milwaukee i am not sure how or why the race card is played
since most people don't know pence  this could be true . maybe he will just keep to the background .
so ... how many of you downloaded the media posted ? did u extract what u were looking for ? trap
so how do you pick  out of a very wide brimmed hat  to support some forms of health care  but not others ? how hypocritical & mean spirited .
so it's ok with the fbi if we go out and buy more guns just in case they're right ?
so let me get this straight - these are images of one racist slapping another at a white supremacist gathering ?
so many people hate muhammad ... but do they hate moses ? ? ? who kil
so many unavailable tweets ... it does take courage to stand in the light . thank you for that andrew .
so much racism here . so much hatred . all you people here are worthless animals . you are a waste .
so no charity is allowed to go to white people ? who are you to say who they can help ? and you call them racist
so no white people = no crimes ? you're saying white people dont commit crimes ?
so the police will protect the lawful protest ? this is an improvement already over charlottesville .
so you hate white people  is essentially what you are saying .
some of them . i think alt right twitter is a too harsh on normie boomer conservatives ; at least they have r-wing mindset that can be swayed
some white guy defended himself ...
some white power leader that is .
sounds like she's a bit racist to me .
southern heritage confederate flag rally parade in middleburg via
speak out white people ! the most offensive & racist comments trump people get are from hrc & bho fans
specifically  the kind of people who are outraged by disagreement . not the same thing
splc's cohen more than willing and make this case a legal precedent for future actions against alt-right et al
still annoying that so many articles about him mention alt-right .
stop #ppsellsbabyparts they're in vaccines and kill kids
stuff it . we know how people like you really think . it's not about doing good  it's about feeling good .
support become #cm of bihar  why support ishrat ke abbu ? take help from
sure . it's a big conspiracy . of course it is .
sure did ! hands up don't shoot was proven i court to be a lie
tell the sheriffs to do their job . president obama is busy doing his own .
tertullian ( 160-220 ) - the catholic faith and jewish power are like the two pans of a pair of scales ...
thanks hunter !
thanks you all for protecting our heritage
that does sound a bit racist  doesn't it ? this administration is racist .
that doesn't make sense if your asatruar & fashy goy white is your peeps
that is not anti south . thats your problem . thats anti hate and you attribute it to a southern agenda
that's funny because moore is infamous only because he did the exact opposite of that .
that's it call me a racist . you win .
that's where you are wrong  kiddo.beige people are the final solution to white problem .
thats a sure fire recipe for a yeast infection ! god help us . i weep for the future .
thats an action like golden dawn . they take care of the white community : white elderly  shut-ins  new moms  etc . a great tradition in the making . you all are doing great .
the #gangof8 amnesty bill hurts american #jobs #noamnesty
the #proudboys are all about inclusion  unless you're white and proud - then they're all about exclusion .
the actual answer is no - vawa makes denial to lgbt folk illegal . claims #lgbt ppl aren't ever denied access by rel . orgs .
the alt right should be tearing down american history with the left  because once history is erased the new can be born .
the alt-right confronts louis hartz #altright #maga
the bias is too obvious . silenced . doxing the alt-right ? a violation  but carry on .
the core of ar is made up mostly by white nationalists  white identitarians & fascists . groups like  identity dixie ...
the cucks assumed that voters believed in all their stupid ideas and weren't just voting against the democrats
the day when paris was hit by terror attacks  i had decided that the guest at republic day parade must be from france : pm narendra modi
the demise of the white democratic voter
the end of a myth : most new serial killers in america are not white males | read more :
the era when people went to concerts and never dreamed of being bombed or mowed down .
the fact you used the term black supremacists to describe blacks speaking out against white supremacy shows you have been brainwashed by white supremacists propaganda to begin with
the first legal slave-owner in america was a black man #swrm #slaves #black via
the first line is a lie . no one says it's a nation of immigrants because we let immigrants in before . it's because all of our ancestors are
the florist is a homophobe and probably a racist .
the greatest genocide ever ! a billion reasons to stop abortion :
the high fructose corn syrup nationalism aesthetic must die  pretty cool windmill shirts tho tbh
the isn't as racist as .
the jews have an illogical hatred of some white men .
the more time passes the more i think all this talk is media gas lighting .
the northern california hate group called identify evropa so i guess is all cleared and not a hate group . ( fun fact : the somali office mohamed noor still has not given his statement for the shooting of an unarmed white woman to the mn bca )
the number of swedes claiming to have been sexually assaulted has risen by 70 per cent in two years  with more ...
the only explicitly pro white accounts i know of are you and
the people leading the eu like chancellor merkel  and are white gentiles . also people like
the rally in cincinnati is on . media put out false reports that it was cancelled ! #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016
the sanders firm  p . c . legal news is out ! stories via
the un needs to realize there is now an american in the white house .
the weather in the uk if you're a cultural marxist remainer #brexitday
the white dilemma by brother the current state of white this is a must read article .
the white entitlement of some sanders supporters via
the white teach did the smart thing for once
then we have the same standard  and you're no better . you just sided with people not your own because you loath your own . probably because you hate yourself . you are a traitor .
there are jews submerge their heritage in gentile-world.at the time ~ i didn't know what that means
there goes the white supremacy thingy again . yawn
there is no need to have a white nation unless the white race is better off without the other races .
there is no slamist in uk but wahhabians ?
these people are so hypocritical . i hate you because you're white but for some reason my hate is okay ? wtf .
these people come from the north or west  go to some ivy league or christian university  join professional conservatism
thesis neither jew nor gentile  black or white in the collective body .
they let antifa riot because they take their orders from the mayor  who now has the blood of one of his
they want everyone to believe there is a race war . all i see is white fascists fighting white nazis .
they're different alright . black men get killed and white killers don't .
they're the richest  most privileged white people in the us
thing is  u dont want a nation for ur people purely based on race . ur going to take in factors of politics  religion & socioeconomic status
this 2013 post could have saved slate the trouble of proving cruz didn't fight amnesty
this is a bad idea . you will be blamed for whatever happens . media will have the proles primed .
this is disgusting . america doesn't only belong to white people . it belongs to so many different race and ethnicities !
this is ok tho & i'm mexican american & i fought 4 my country
this is precisely why it was a mistake to ask general flynn to resign . every single time you appease these people they push further
this is why #antifa wear masks  while they're beating underage boys & elderly americans.th
this is why the real #altright must do something for the inauguration . i'm waiting ...
this looks like an average white guy .
this man is not black and i am not white - we are americans
this might not be for you : #freedom #wpww #hitler
this pervert president has people ruining their credibility  going to jail  disrespecting this country and you fools still stand by him !
this thread comes to a temp end till more info .. but i will keep digging
those ' protesters ' look pretty white too
those sheriffs are all teutonic white . amerika uber alles ! gott mit uns !
to be clear  i am antifa . now that it's out of the way i have seen the alt lite really get nasty to the alt right
to be clear  the reason that this is primarily a white movement is because they are now i
to benefit from resources hoarded by white suprem violent exploitation . simple
to other poc yes but not to white people
today's #lesson ? #history is brutal ...
treblinka and railway gauge . : looking at the treblinka situation has led me to consider why there is a lack of ...
trump 34 cruz 23 in new fox news iowa poll . wowza .
trump is catering to his base  and he is alienating everyone else in his way . that's a scary proposition  and as #maga is going on ...
trump to speak at us holocaust museums commemoration
u . n . warns of #immigration crisis as women flee central america
u guys n ur race wars r basically just white isis . racism will never be out the shadows again .
u of ca ' white student union ' issues list of demands  sets date for ' white student walk out ' via
uk foreign secretary & chancellor of the exchequer met pm shri
until you denounce your beliefs in a white america we real don't have anything to talk about . your ideology is a lie .
us kafirs are going to #bansharia not out of hate but #loveoffreedom
us sending weapons to #kiev not the answer to #ukraine crisis white house adviser
very sad .. the deadfish policy seems to be .. as long as it's blacks killing other blacks over drugs a
via : islam is not a race ? obama white house wants to change that #tcot
wait . doesn't actually appear to be european . they're usians . guys  your anti-immigration position really lacks consistency .
war against the south : nathan bedford forrest monument vandalized in memphis : #blacklivesmatter supporters ride again
warning to conservatives from : dont rely on the supreme court - via haley halverson :
watch the skies europe will come . mere 1902 all over again .
we don't need any type of hate as people . most blacks don't hate white people .
we know you're not afraid to don the white robes and hood  tony  you sheister !
well  i guess those white people wearing maga hats calling peopl ni * * ers are your friends then . keep being brainwashed .
what % of mass shootings in america are done by white christians ... yet the convos frames around muslims ...
what are you involved in this struggle for ? #wpww #news #freedom
what bill mitchell portends via #altright
what david brooks means is that gop should praise & serve jews but no other white ethnics .
what happens when a black officer searches a white person  is that racist as well .
what i don't like is how mr . freedom caucus threw kim davis & under the bus with
what is the alt-right ? via
what is the shrug movement he does on the third part ?
what makes you opti-cucks think you have a monopoly on white advocacy ?
what's lost in not recognizing campus religious groups - the atlantic
when one worthless white person make a idiotic racial error  we are back to apartheid with every white person .
when we head into the fireworks  we do believe there will be rain near the city  to the south and west
when whole world is bowing down to india  kejriwal says modi is begging.kejri is naxalite waiting to finish this country n make it a mess .
where are all the white hate groups ? exactly and with references and if you don't have that info  shut your stupid mouth ! no right w / o facts
where did you get this plan of calling others what you are ? ? trump . lol your a joke like him .
white children
white farmers in the midwest in 1860 worked longer hours than slaves . white factory workers died earlier too .
white genocide in the united states of america a 100 year history #swrm #whitegenocide #us via
white genocide signs appear in asheville : we talked about this during the previous white man march . i remember ...
white guilt cringe compilation via
white guy in the rear isn't haitian !
white house aims to sway opinion on immigration overhaul
white house doesn't care about american workers via
white people are told that wanting to exist is inherently racist  immoral  and unimportant .
white people is evil they say ! ! !
white people who hate themselves are mentally ill .
white people yelling at other white people about non-white people .
white ppl withdrawing from these places is white ppl asserting their white priveldge
white pride = hate ? your indoctrination is showing .
white privilege is the absence of black and brown failure .
white race <snort>
white supremacist group launched their #projectsiege campaign at penn state . here's psu's statement :
white supremacists ceased dominating & administering the us government well before 1964 .
white supremacynounthe belief that white people are superior to those of all other rac
white teen shot dead
white working class rallies behind trump via #trumptrain #trump2016 #trumppence16
white world supremacy is a helluva drug ! !
who are the real racist haters ?
who murdered #kollam hindus ? take investigation in ur hand
who's left for ted cruz to fool ? we live in a time when even trump can be nominated  and ted is still too false and repugnant to accept .
why are bill white  kevin harpham and matt hale all getting out in 20 years when they didn't kill anybody ?
why do hate white peoples ? ?
why do you hate white ppl
why is it only for white ?
why is this a surprise ? i'm not surprised at all . the #trucons are incapable of governing
why the change from white polo and khakis
will gay marriage kill puppies ?
with grief we announce sad demise of father of shri vinod tawde ji  funeral today 5 p.m.sahar road andheri ( e )
writer thinks burdening religious inst . isnt a big deal  because the government can just pick up the slack :
yeah  but many of those are located in the white parts of the state .
yeh once again revealing you're just an anti-white racist liar.europeans defending their homeland isn't terrorism you genocidal maniac .
yelling i hate white people and punching one isnt a hate crime  canadian judge rules #swrm via
yep it's about red white and blue
yes . we hate people who want to enslave women and cripple western democracy . we hate those of us who support it most of all
yes i'm the new improved black racist lol
yes it is being white & wanting 2find a job isn't surprising i finally got hired as a white considering affirmative action
yes they do . people group up for all kinds of reasons . doesn't mean they cant work together .
you can larp as a revolutionary all you want but we see through your masks to the truth
you can run  but you can't hide  you can threaten  but we laugh . can't wait for anon . to out you . you lose . we all win .
you can't cut taxes for people with a negative tax rate . at least not without increasing government spending even more .
you do know this is just what white men think about muslim
you hate brigitte because she exposes the truth .
you know those statutes were painted ... and they weren't lilly white folks .
you probably shouldn't like a post by white supremacists
you said youd work with anyone who opposes antifa and com . which means you wpuld work with isis if that
you smear the south by cla
you sound like white nationalist mr myagi
you switch stories constantly . you got this fake media bull shi
you'd swear trump said if i had a son he would be like trayvon that's right another one of obamas gaffs
you're 98.5 % white and you're worried ? you're definitely good .
you're calling everyone there a white supremacist ?
you're sounding a bit racist  here . is it intentional or by accident ?
you've been rekt #opkkk
your currency is rocks ? hippie beta leftist code i'm sure . care to elaborate ?
youtube is now censoring the hereditarian position on race and iq . thoughts  ?
"  "" ... face the reality [ ... ] of the jihad threat .. "" "" made me crack up . those are the words of xenophobic white people """
"  "" black riots  white flight . "" "" and discuss the origins and implications of the #baltimoreuprising : """
"  "" don't punch right "" "" "" "" don't purge "" "" ; but my redpill process went through give normies a chance """
"  "" everyone will be salted with fire . "" "" - jesus """
"  "" invade "" "" . they're peacefully protesting . go back and see what antifa did in cville / the inauguration / any "" "" protest "" "" . """
"  "" kid in costume "" "" you mean the little white nationalist baby huey """
"  "" moderate "" "" "" "" palestinian "" "" official : "" "" i swear that if we had a nuke  we'd have used it this very morning "" "" #hatefree """
"  "" told you to boycott that anti-white dreck . here  read some . "" "" """
"  "" was british foreign policy "" "" ever "" "" ethical ? from south african experience ( even applicable today )  the answer mus """
"  lmfbo ! the  "" white fear "" "" of a "" "" black planet "" "" . """
" #antifa is not  "" shadowy "" "" - everyone from the government  police  & big corps know exactly who th """
" 1967 states rights were  "" trampled by the court "" "" with loving v virginia . do you wish to undo this ruling ? """
" alt-right blogger is not  "" hunter wallace . "" "" his real name is bradley griffin  & apparently this is the future of the white race . """
" americans must ask themselves   "" what have dems done from americans ? "" "" answer : nothing . """
" and it's weird you guys on both sides of trump use  "" cuck "" "" so often . """
" and these are only the  "" reported "" "" abortions : does this look "" "" safe  legal  and rare ? "" "" get the #truth - #itsprettyugly """
" audio :  "" the march for life | jordan lorence on faith radio "" "" """
" catch 22 - perfect mohammed - and koran etc unchanged - inconvenient truth   "" the empora wears no cloths "" "" story . """
" echoes of kevin williamson here : white working class communities  "" deserve to die "" "" """
" every people has the right to do this  but we all know the  "" racist "" "" smear was only meant to target one particular group . """
" exactly the opposite is true . these #trucons are incapable of uttering a phrase like  "" white interests "" "" """
" few weeks back i got him to admit he supports angela merkel . so much for  "" small government "" "" ! these people just want open borders """
" how about you le turds do some of the enforcement work  instead of passing the buck ? remove the  "" share "" "" from sheriff """
" its the obama's version of  "" islam doesn't kill people  people kill people "" "" """
" jason jones talking about  "" give me shelter "" "" movie . #prolifecon #whywemarch #marchforlife #prolife """
" looks like youre banned in germany  dr . warner !  "" if we lose freedom here  there is no place to escape to . this is the last stand on earth . "" "" - ronald reagan """
" marxists aren't  "" anti-white . "" "" they're universal egalitarians . """
" materially speaking   "" slavery "" "" in america  esp . in tobacco  was less arduous than "" "" free labor "" "" in factories and most farming """
" now look at figure 6 .  "" rate of violent victimization  by poverty level  race or hispanic origin  and location of residence "" "" did they honestly think that people wouldn't actually read the report and the source ? you've been duped """
" people forget trump called pat buchanan a  "" neo-nazi "" "" in 2000 . his nationalism has been an aberration . """
" rt  "" naxali gang kejriwal  ib alert on they will do anything "" "" 1000 + cameras 4 """
" rt . banner at #altrightdc reads  "" no longer silent - we will be heard "" "" #identity """
" rt . look at the flag  "" robb "" "" we under no illusions & the #msm blockade of #information futile #maga #dc #obama """
" rt : denmark :  "" #myjihad is to kill lars hedegaard . what's yours ? "" "" """
" rt : lol coming from the idiot with a racist vice mayor who  "" hates white people . "" "" opinion discarded . please kill y """
" rt all these blogs are staffed with upper middle class white guys saying  "" white guys "" "" like it's an insult . """
" rt andrew  "" weev "" "" auernheimer revealed : the ' white nationalist ' who is not white  sysadmin for the daily stormer & covered for by andrew anglin . """
" rt bannon tonight in se alabama   "" all they wanted him ( trump ) for was the corporate tax cut  thats all they want him for . as soon as they get that tax cut  watch what happens . """
" rt breaking video : planned parenthood baby parts vendor abr pays off clinics  intact fetuses  "" just fell out "" "" #defundpp """
" rt but he is bringing people together ! humanity increasingly speaks with one voice to say  "" you disgust us  ted cruz . "" "" """
" rt how many more are there and does the  "" love of your life "" "" know ? #cruzsexscandal """
" rt is it racist when we are told trump has to win  "" the hispanic vote ? "" "" ethnicity can't be relevant and irrelevant """
" rt league of the south on the side of the road in wetumpka with confederate flags and  "" secede "" "" signs . """
" rt skynews : raf typhoon jets have been scrambled to intercept two russian  "" blackjack "" "" aircraft """
" sure . quote the jewish publication referring to israel as  "" the jewish goy . "" "" """
" the  "" i'm not white "" "" white morons at it again "" "" i am a victim too ! especially when i'm not "" "" """
" the racist organization trump should be disavowing is planned parenthood founded by racist margaret sanger who called blacks .  "" bad weeds . "" "" """
" the roots of la raza was about  "" improving the race "" "" to european standards . it's insane how quickly it changed into "" "" kill whitey ! ! "" "" """
" then again we would have to listen to the  "" fake from every angle from the bs msm ! "" "" i like it this way  beside that one  these are today too """
" there is much more to race than skin tone . ie . an albino black african doesn't become  "" white "" "" simply because of his pigmentation """
" to be  "" torn down "" "" is the promotion of race as a primary identifier of personal characteristics . like "" "" preserving the white race "" "" """
" war against the south : vandals throw brick through mans windshield over confederate flag mural : nothing  "" hate ... """
" what i mean is that people attacked for  "" white privilege "" "" should be unflinching in not apol """
" white nationalists are not a  "" hate "" "" group . they are nationalists who are european """
" yeah  if any white wanted to get in then even the  "" white "" "" laura loomer would . """
" youre white supremacists .  "" we "" "" is antifascists """
#14words #wakeup
#altright is on fire . dream big  meme big &
#auspol 84 % of all wanted criminals in copenhagen are non-white via
#ferguson could just as well be taking place in africa . most people in stl are drinking beer  enjoying oktoberfest  and watching the cards
#freehorstmahler : holocaust revisionist horst mahler arrested in hungary after fleeing germany via
#hi #immrmeseeks #lookatme apparently the only way to get rid of first world problems is to import third world problems
#hitler on the german economy . #economics #unemployment
#lgbtq #lies #homophobia #bigotry sorry but you are still a hate group . deal with it via
#liftwaffe weekend . done with ats and moving into a general phase . more variation after 16 + weeks doing same lifts .
#obama's surveillance / spy program bigger than bush's . #criminal #policestate #bigbrother #freedom
#water and power : what the last #drought taught #california vi #toomanypeople
' ' the european heart burns brighter than the sun ' ' ! oh really . i thought you've got a stone-heart . a reminder of climate change !
' holocaust ' debate / comments / news exterminations - previous and current numbers ? : anybody aware of a tabl ...
' korea agrees for tech transfer ; lng ships to be built in india  by india ' #makeinindia #gas
' people like you ' : white nationalist jared taylor to muslim-american journalist
* 56 % . in 1960 the us was over 90 % white .
* white lion ...
- promoted by racist bogotted ignorant / or manipulative villians .
. and discussing latest violence in #iraq and #bergdahl swap now on #dcwatchlive :
. is going on now through 11/1 ! get involved in saving lives of unborn children in your neighborhood :
. such words might be placed among the greatest compliments ever given to the #altright .
. this is a reason to at least show solidarity with them : they're for black separatism  identity  & realize we have same enemies .
1 . you are trying to judge the past by modern leftist ideology . whites  like other people  evolved in a often harsh world ...
1 / this is a good rebuttal to vox's critique of charles murray's position on race and iq .
15 year old white danish girl blinded by african muslims in racially motivated hate crime ( video ) via
2 / it in fact guarantees their irrelevance . evangelicals  like conservatives  are overwhelmingly white ( 76 %  according to pew ) .
21st century ethics apply to 14th century whitesbrown people have no moral agency whites have original sin
35 % + of trump primary voters accept our racial criteria for identity . 13.3 m voted for him .
5 / make no mistake  corporate censorship is the civil rights issue of our time . by collectively denying us service  these corporations ...
91 % of pastors want freedom to speak freely from pulpit without threat of govt penalties . repeal #johnsonamendment .
99 % of hindus cant read a single line of vedas bc they dont know sanskrithow will they get basic understanding of scriptures ?
: . i am not afraid of you sons of shaytan . you can only kill me once . you can't kill the truth .
: 2017 abortion facility survey : abortion clinic numbers keep dropping . #abortion
: : #nazi party gets a lobbyist - they already have one . its called the #teaparty we never supported the teapart ...
: : not a single #plannedparenthood in the us has a mammogram machine . not one . #defundpp #nmpol
: amended abortion-pill mandate respects religious and moral objections ...
: antifas vandalize fraternities at university of texas  austin via #antifa #culturalmarx
: germany : muslim migrant deliberately rams car into revellers outside disco  police rule out political motive .
: glazov interviews spencer : where's the party in the muslim world ? : recently jamie glazov of frontpage inte ...  ...
: gop's continued inaction on pain-capable abortion ban frustrates #prolife advocates : #ccot #tcot mt
: hey you better be careful  youll be called a racist because obama is half black and white peo
: imagine thinking white peo
: jews blame golden dawn for increasing antisemitism in greece | read more : vi ;
: keep encouraging controversial people to hold speeches at public universities  and use the courts ( again ) when
: muslim dhs adviser mohamed elibiary  open supporter of muslim brotherhood  resigns
: not for nothing  but what kind of ppl run atlanta ?
: starting my journey to #unitetheright will be riding with hope to see many folks there
: tell your representative to support #hr1797 - let's stop the war on ( unborn ) women ! #theyfeelpain
: telling : hillary clinton won't spell out position on late-term abortion -
: the should hire a patriot like you at #bet
: twenty gypsies attack white couple in czech republic hate crime mob attack ( video )
: u guys need to call out the lies emanating from the white house .
: your civility in your posts is inspiring . geller is racist ? what race is jihad terror agnst innocent civ ...
:d ems kill unborn women
> don't make the white kids angry
a bakers first amendment rights : #westandforjack
a fetus is a baby and needs to be treated w / respect and dignity ! infant messaging with the select panel :
a few euros showed up w ships  fellow tribesmen sold their people for
a message for donors and another for voters cuckservatives : cruz is two-faced via
a new delhi road aurangjeb road should be renamed as sambhaji marg
a wee bit ? dude  people died . a can of hairspray and a lighter is nothing compared to that .
according to an article i read it will extend to people with ties to violent groups which the losers qualify as i guess .
actual twin cities resident here . your white nationalist buullshit is not welcome here
actually  thats in my gym where they do the bioelectric impedance scans . could be where they send the butthurt people  too .
adf  alabama amicus brief to scotus : affirm the people's freedom to uphold man / woman marriage
adf clients asking #scotus to reject govt's arrogant argument that it understands their theology better than they do
adf's ceo michael farris comments on administration's religious freedom guidance :
adhom . his treatment of women doesn't invalidate his position or argument on optics
adl to : distance yourself from duke  white supremacists #withjewswelose
after finishes bulldozing confederate monuments  jackson square will be the next target .
alex linder and white nationalism 1.0 via
all the stormans family wants is freedom to live out their faith in their family business
all you have proven with this is you're anti gay as well as being a white nationalist .
almost every poll in the uk shows that between 70 % and 98 % of british people are against immigration . 1/2
america is not a white country ! ! ! last time i checked this
america is not a white nation .
america is not a white nation . it is a mixed nation . pretty soon  hispanics are going to be the main demographic .
americans dont have to check their #religiousfreedom at the office door #scotus
an impending release makes everyone a patriot . makes you forget about the intolerance of india and that you wife wanted to emigrate .
and another whining democrat troll steps up . go cry on your i'm with her t shirt buddy !
and no not all of them are bad i have friends black and white who are law enforcement but the bad ones need to go
and superb optics . promo material worthy .
and thats white supremacy in a nutshell .
and we'll take the south africans .
and what about the 28 million white abortions ?
another way wall street big business democrats desire enslaving you by forcing you to compete with throngs of needy humanity
another win for the progressive elite ... another loss for our american republic . #boehner #defundthegop
anti-white and free speech suppression . people are able to freely speak their anti-white hatemongering .
anti-white dominican is full meltdown mode today .
anti-white media is anti-white.we have to build up pro-white media.like    & .
antifa - doesn't know how to build  only how to destroy .
are a white pride group the hells angels are racist rapist pedophile criminals a huge difference
are you claiming to have built western civilization because you are white ? hahahaha ! !
are you dreaming of a white christmas ?
are you going to charlottesville ? i don't think i'll be able to swing it and i'm disappointed . i think it'll be historic .
atlanta has cheap flights to many parts of the country . tennessee still easiest for me though
attentions   & all of #altright . mike cernovich is a traitor to america and the right ! !
australia considering a tougher citizenship test  c ... via
automobile engineer ferdinand porsche presents hitler with a convertible volkswagen for adolf hitler's 50th birthday .
back there . many america leftist jews have become fascist
barbados was filled both white / black .
bbc news - christians take ' beliefs ' fight to european court of human rights
because of the differences between fascism and ns  i truly believe that adolf & uncle benito were honestly great friends not just allies
because white privilege
because with every thing going on in this country the antifa group has takin the count
better to work and earn something than rely on welfare . good job brother . good work pays off .
beyond time to stand up to cowards who run up behind people and spray bear mace and pepper spray in their eyes .
black power ya racist kkk
blacks who kill other blacks get prison sentences suspect white supremacist who kill blacks get a pay raise
blm wants self determination via the white man's wallet . black separatism like noi includes government contracts .
both sangh parivar and modi know me and are well disposed . i could enter bjp because of them . so what they decide is fine with me .
breaking : berkeley pd does their job for first time ever
british parliament should confer the title sir on you  sir donald trump ! !
bro put down the crack pipe . he said white supremacist are find people .
bruhhhh were gonna like  die anyway man . smoke some pot bro you just gotta chill . the white race won't matter when we're in the dirt mannnnn
but thanks for the laugh . always fun to hear from a person who hates jews about how other people hate jews too .
but you have supported pathetic weakling boomer cucks like sessions .
by the entire white race .
california's #immigration activists furious with white house delay
can you and your white nationalist friends come up with something more original or stop reading same racist playbook  racism for dummies
caroline sturdy colls publishes : recent phd caroline sturdy colls has published the first article based on her ...
census : white people quickly dying off in the usa via
charged  sentenced  jail and after time served they are deported .
charlottesville denies unite the right anniversary rally permit
charlottesville police acted very professional to my face . you can't fully trust them .
check out new season from and here : #dcwatchlive
circuit : 3 way shldr raises 10 each ; kb shrugs with hold at top x10 ; 2 handed kb ext x15 . 4 rounds  3 for me  1 for the #liftwaffe
come and convert to white creator god odin and to
condemning #basedstickman is condemning self-defense against antifa
conformity is bad for society . whites have committed terrorist attacks . yo
congratulations and blessings to you  brigitte !
conservatives r anti-white .
correct that companies who hire illegals should be gone after and shut down with jail time for the bosses . strict penalties .
could just as easily be a white nationalist  goyim .
could mix it up a bit . e . g a list  with short descriptive blurbs  of the most pro-confed museums visitors to the south might see
cruz hits jeb ! pretty good on judges
cuckservatives : trump's white nationalist fans discredit his candidacy via
cute ! announces new  baby minifigures with an ultrasound pic . #lego #prolife
czechs magazine apologizes over poll showing people would vote for adolf hitler va
dear white people  @
death from above ! russian air force smashes #isil forces in #syria
death to tha message of tha kkk ! ugh
democrats to white house : #immigration's your call via #noamnesty #border
demokkkrats stop your racist deceit ! obama sat underneath a racist america hating black liberation garbage spewing idiot of a pastor for over 20 years and both clintons named noted white supremacists as mentors . potus trump isn't racist but we know who is don't we ?
dems are kings and queens of viewpoint discrimination :(
denounce antifa and violent left extremism by the end of this  might even seek to name them as a terror
did i miss something ? who are these people ?
did some white girl spurn him ?
diplomat accused of beating  not paying immigrant housekeeper via
disgusting . just proves white women are the most attractive .
disney drops pewdiepie over death to all jews video via
do the muslims love their children too ? ' by
do we have 100 % proof these statues did not commit any murders ?
do we have enough original musicians on the alt-right  or would this be a parody music festival ?
do you guys have a clan on call of duty ?
dog whistle like article incites hate > man shot up wanted to kill as many as possible #auspol
don't destroy yr history . take offensive statues . place them in a field & surround them with african us slave statues . make a statement .
don't forget part jewish .
donald trump galvanizes the white resistance via
dow jones off more than 500 . good .
ethnic minorities deserve safe spaces without white
european and white are not synonymous  so no .
even black lives matter etc in america is overwhelmingly white ( rachel dolezal  shaun king  tim wise etc )
even more shocking that the media can act like this hasn't been known forever and treated as an act of heresy to bring it up .
even the daca immigrants of white skin and european blood ? or are they collateral damage to your white supremest nationalism ?
every #american  whether public official or private party  should be able to #live & #work according to their #beliefs .
evolution . is it that  or are you bastardizing legitimate science to support your racial prejudices . hope it's the former .
exactly . to be white & conservative  to any degree  is to be racist in their eyes . conservative christi
except you don't hate jihad mass murder . you hate muslims . you should ally with richard spencer .
exclusive - new black panther leader on milwaukee : this is a
fair immigration is a branded hate group run by racists and white supremacists .
fair is a racist hate group . keep sanctuary cities sanctuary-ing ! thank you  senator .
faith and freedom endure even in the face of some terrible storms alliance defending freedom blog
fake news  black people would prefer immigration of white people but where do they originate from ? what's the origin of white people ?
far-right austrian leader tours israel with jewish sidekick via
fix the indian economy - dr . subramanian
flowers and kittens ? ! that sounds more like antifa bait tbh . or some fan fiction about antifa's utopia .
for truthful immigration news i suggest and please take your advocacy elsewhere .
fully standby with ji what he said is correct barkha always supported kashmiri terrorist
gainesville  ga ls immigration protest
german police arrested five patriots for terrorism against immigrants #auspol : via
german police chief warns isis terrorists are entering europe hidden among refugees
germany : 236 invader shelters attacked this year #swrm #nice ! via
god bless you for the job you do  i think we must start at root of problem ; ( what is being taught to young muslim men / boys )
going in armed is a bad idea . as soon as one of our people shoots someone  it's the end of our movement .
golden dawn gains support after members murdered by anti-racist terrorists via
good camera is the best weapon  antifa is more afraid of doxx than any kind of violence
good thing we aren't white supremacists
goy is hebrew for nation . do you people fact check anything ?
great ! two fascist cocksuckers : on the left  an oily brit-hungarian w / a fake ph . d . on the right  an alcoholic kkk guy who thinks he matters .
greece hit by sudden surge in refugees - did erdogan break eu-turkey immigration deal ? via
happen and there won't be any consequences . they should spend more time studying the left  and less time caring about jq .
has a fan in russia #altright #maga #mir #hillarysaltrightspeech
has a secure and thorough method of making sure their members are sincere and honest .
he admitted he wasn't alt right in a tweet . go find it .
hear from  co-host of #thefive  at #vvs16 !
hence mr just be saviour of hindus  learn from history and never let us down  no trap can force you to visit terror
here's the evil spawn of your hate . is this what you want ? ur hate is ruining our america .
hey anp ! watch german girls scorpions next song part 12  even donald trump mentions german people in here :
hey you guys .
hi . do you guys have any contact with or plan to corporate with the european movement ?
hi david . has your view of jews changed ? i am a jew and have been fascinated by your views .
hi robert  i realise you are busy but when you find the time  please do respond to
hillary claims she doesn't praise strongmen and terrorists but she sure takes their money .
hillary is very vulnerable in the general . she is getting frustrated because even idiots like bernie sanders knows she is a liar
hm.well  they do help to fund jihad  esp . the white men in the state dept - altho led by a half-white - so maybe she has a point .
hopefully they gave white nationalists a few good beatings ...
how can one be libertarian and leftist ?
how long before they burn real people ?
how many trailer trash white trump supporters are on public assistance ? many  many  many ! !
humans are not originally white  we are descended from black hominides . yes  you and me too .
hunter is on the front lines and is very down to earth . has a very common sense approach
hyperbole or not  ds has the most extreme rhetoric of any other alt-right so it's pretty
i am black youre whack i bet you smoke hella crack
i applaud your work . i love all cultures  but i love mine the most . the white hate must stop . i'm proud of my heritage .
i don't know why dems can't accept that people of color have varied viewpoints . they do not see this common characterization as racist .
i don't support roosh since i know what a disgusting pos he is  he is a self-serving populist
i guess also eat white bread and drive white cars . no cause y u know .
i guess they're continuing the selective enforcement . does sessions have any people in al who can get word to him ?
i have such pride in the south right now because they are the right side of history in voting for trump .
i mean discuss then basic ideas of ci - not engage in a hostile verbal battle . a moderated debate would be cool
i mostly agree with you  but things like sb1070 can open the door and get people talking
i never said black on white crimes didn't happen . i'm just interested why you dismiss white on white crime .
i saw him reach in his waistband . pretty sure the cop feared for his life
i think you're racist against us white folks
i thought the deep south was the best place to find a wife ?
i was told that forcing migrants to follow your laws is racism and white supremacy
i wouldn't be too sure about that . you might actually want to read the quran . you'd be amazed what you'd find in it .
i wouldn't really conflate the alt right and conservatism ... being alt right is simply recognizing that race is foundational .
i'd love to see debate this with or robert spencer .
i'll be sure to tear down any i see . :)
i'm also a new mp . i too have to learn from seniors : pm at bjp workshop don't learn from a few
i'm not white . well my skin is
i'm pretty sure that race doesn't come into this . white people have set each oth
i'm sure that will happen more and more often . sad .
i'm white ... ethnically and physically
i'm white and am his base !
i've interacted with plenty in the alt-right movement . they want me and my family dead . if u can't see the evil company u keep  that's on u .
i've only ever heard of him speaking in support of them having their own ethnostate  but ...
icymi  discusses #hb2 here :
if we don't have free speech in america then why are people always allowed to protest ?
if you believe jefferson aka the father of white supremacy . we get the term white supremacy from whites #espn
if you're white woman  there's an 85 % change that your attacker is white . but they want to
im not a white supremacist  you happy ?
im urging to continue to protect immigrants from #racist hate groups like . #stopice
imagine how boring 2016 would have been if scott walker  ted cruz  bobby jindal and jeb ! would have been the final four
imagine if the media had bothered to pay attention to the guy wanting to take it down in the first place ?
in photos : the kkk's south carolina confederate flag rally via
incog man : is this what white guys keep fighting and dying for ? | more : via
indian television viewers congratulate arnab for being the topper in wall of shame of #newstraders
insulting sitting pm this manner indian national cancer can't avoid radiation
interesting movie about anti-semitism : : posted by landulf ...
is a totally bigoted and ignorant group for white supremacists and people espousing violent genocidal views .
is diversity a strength for america ? | american renaissance
is eww your mayo on white bread ?
is that just code word for cuck ?
isn't a white supremacist group afaik
isn't it up to the #truconservatives in states like georgia and tennessee to address this issue ?
it is sad
it is the frequency of the corruption that varies across racial lines
it was a convenient british arrangement . hindus had nothing to do with crown doing business . but it did exploit
it would be very beneficial to let some jews join guys you need to be more diverse i'm mexican and i would like to join also
it's ahead of us in tech . no real crime . people are polite . basically only problem is overcrowding - - now being worked on .
it's becoming harder and harder for white protestants to escape the reality of the united states .
it's evident that will sweep bihar ! rt : patna : jitendra swami  former rjd leader  joins bjp
it's not about our history . it's about us as a people .
italian always use all methods to stall devpt & investment in india
jewish developers pal pleads guilty in bloomingburg voter fraud case via
jewish student organization seeking legal action against student leaders who participated in chat mocking holocaust
jfk was secret admirer of adolf hitler and third reich  new book shows ! read more : via
just like here in the us  the alt-right ( and neo nazis ) have been given permission to come
just saw some comments below an video saying guys are leaving the alt-right in favor of mgtow . > tfw no aryan qt
kashmiri hindus the forgotten minority #congwantsraktpat
key word is hateful . you are correct.one must hate america to be a good democrat.the hate america hillary campaign has lost twice.hateful ?
lets not forget this country was founded on immigration of white men that were thieves & rapists and we now call it america
liftwaffe : who is less trustworthy ? guys who don't :
listened to the podcast last night - based show hunter - respect
little miss hispanic winner loses title in del .
live new orleans louisianan confederate rally may 7 2017 antifa on the way
lol . white boy is an edgelord . shouldn't you be with your fellow white dudes ?
look at what i just saw on they put the in cartoon form.so racist !
look what theyve turned white guys into
looking at the comments and wow  you guys are racist .
looks like he was a fan of the islamic jew-hate reza aslan peddles as critique of israel . #toulouse
ma'am ... i am beginning to suspect you are a white supremacists as well based on your inability to denounce ppl who are known white supremacists .
maga is the movement for people who are too afraid to choose a side .
mark my word delhi walo u r finish
mccain is the poster child for ' white privilege & white guilt ' . bring back our troops & support ice & border patrol .
meaning ... they cast white actors in non-white roles .
meanwhile  america drops white supremacists like kids at the pool
media beware : the southern poverty law center has become a dangerous joke
milo does make a good sweet tea .
mim + aap = maha paap in delhiso delhite be warned #banmim
mim will now become permanent bug in aap bed . aap ka bed bug infected.mim will suck aap now .
modi is rewriting many of the rules governing politics good analysis by marketing & slog-modimantra
more from the overt white nationalists praising the jacobin white socialists  saying their is a place 4 em in their white ethno state
more like a white supremacists troll in black face
mundes daughter pankaja inducted into maharashtra bjp core committee - the times of india
name any race only group that isn't racist . just one ? b
ndtv telecast false & fraud news . only its dream.no such invitation . pm is not angry at all.ndtv grudge on bjp is welknown .
never knew people would self identify as white nationalist . usually your type in white sheets . you are disgusting
newsflash . im not just white
next question : is award of president ' ugly history with white supremacists ? #kimdavis
no  but they were white christians . you are splitting hairs
no  they would not - alt right are just nazis in nice suits .
no he is not an #american hero  and it seems a lot of white people were in opposition to thi
no i don't . i think your a heartless racist
no i understand why people are anon  just dont like the reasons why . identify europa are snobs it turns out .
no sanctuary cities here ! if you want sanctuary then go to a church let them support you !
no sir it does not make you racist . racist believing that a particular race superior to another which has nothing to do w / guilt of crimes .
none of this was in charlottesville so no . did you miss the word * here * ? ?
not just any racist - #literallyhitler
not only that  but hispanics are lumped in with whites and many violent black crimes against whites are motivated by hatred of whites  but not officially categorized as hate crimes .
not really . we also dislike vacuous american civic nationalism . in particular  we loathe the new south . we have a long tradition of rejecting jingoism  radical individualism  materialism  etc .
notice the sws going to a white nationalists website to present sources to make her point . is a open white nationalists site
now if you have a problem with me suspecting someone of being a white supremacist because they are literally retweeting from known white supremacist then i may have to suspect that you are a white supremacist madam
npr : white nationalists ' enthusiasm for trump cools via
nr is way back in the rear view mirror . egop quislings for sure .
obviously it wasn't going to be permanent . how many people saw it until you took it down ?
of course history books convienently left out the rampaging groups of low life white trash during the war that descended upon
oh a funny guy is this pointy head . doesn't realise he should expect us .
oh come on bro  i'm asking you to name a few of your favorite white things ! go for it
oh i'll just use skype  they all have my dox anyways . brad knows that if he wants to come to my house  he needs to put on a clean shirt and mind his ps and qs  no booze on his breath  comb his hair  and sit up straight when i serve tea ... antifa yenta don't take no nonsense !
oh look brad  my dangerous antifa chemical warfare has arrived
ohio city determines to block development of a christian school alliance defending freedom blog
ok . i will only comment if you support sharia as i oppose religious law eg sharia
ok and there are some that wont hire us because were guys . or for a girl . or a white jew .
okay so that report is saying that urban whites are * victimized * at a similar rate to urban blacks . not that urban whites and blacks are committing similar amounts of violent crime . so whites are violently attacked  per capita  at the same rate as blacks . obvious & expected .
only white people can be racist .
oprah culture - people with 5 % market share dominate . theres a time limit on that  always was a time limit .
or do they think that 911 is the greatest tragedy to ever occur and that keeping america white is the only way to stay safe
orim u make zero sense u sure you are a jew & not muslim practicing taqiyya ?
our preezie went to jared and keeps going to jared for advice . i think trump caved to neocons so he won
patriots are being befooled by pl . note
patriots outnumber antifa at peaceful nashville may day protest tennessee star via
people like you are directly responsible for this .
phone call leaked ! all usa people need to see this ! july 2016 the new wo ... #history #homeschool #leadership
pl . ask dd to restore satyam shivam sundaram logo .
pl . see the truth here ; oppenheimer quotes hinduism's bhagavad gita after the first nuclear explosion
pl . show photos of unwarranted brutal lathi charge on delhi lawyers also .
please sign and spread the petition to force a white house response to this hate crime :
podcast | the unpredictability of the trump white house
poor hindus are suffering ; not kcr or owasis
proof that big biz hates white america and like dopes we give them our money  paying to get the shaft !
protecting lives is not a partisan issue . hyde has saved over 2 million medicaid kids from abortion . #hydesaveslives
protest the splc again  and see if antifa don't react .
proud member - black power !
provoke or hurt any black peoples or anyone else ! ..
purge ! use nsa to expose ... mass resignations .. special elections
question : is it possible that the term islamaphobia is sharia law of slander in disguise ?
race war : the origins of white nationalism via
racist and bigoted cuck .
racist tweets .
record numbers attend german anti-islamization rally via
reeee he's a white supreeemist !
religious freedom is for all - - people of all faiths and no faith - - president alan sears
remember obama is the most dangerous enemy america has in the white house .
reminder : our talk radio show is later today and we hope you'll join us ! #politics #news
respect families of #blackhairmaters who have darker skin than
right . economic nationalism is not necessarily based on racial animosity  but it's still irrational .
right ? ? ? so suppressed as white men ! ! !
rogue outsider for sure #cruz2016
rt : #stand4life news : at least 24 planned parenthood sites have closed so far in 2013 .
rt : let's recall that when firefox ceo brendan eich made his donation to prop 8  president obama agreed with him on #marriage .
rt if you think stabbed bjp supporters on their back
salient points of speech by hon'ble prime minister  shri narendra modi addressing public meetings at tinsukia  ...
salvation of an individual's soul is greater than every indifferent . i'm pretty sure
same here  but you nor any other muslim dictates the islamic agenda
sanctuary or welfare cities
secondly if you are tired just stfu and stop being such a racist !
see the black people on the first 48 on right now
seriously though  what is she going on about ? love your heritage and your people
share with friends : ( please sign  so our freedom of speech will still be a part of we love )
she hates white people .
she now faces 6 years in prison ! de facto  and now de jure sharia in the middle of europe
should be defined for the preachers of hate as well  if you hate us so much you don't deserve to be british
shri rajnath singh meeting with the chief of naval staff  admiral r . k . dhown at north block  new delhi on 5 june 2014
shut up  i don't listen to people who gas anyone who isn't white  catholic and stupid .
so are only white people included in your utopia ? legitimately asking out of curiosity .
so beautiful ! ! ! you are real white beauty ! ! !
so he's just a white obama
so that explains all the inner fighting and hate among whites ?
so there is a white race thanks
so we should bring in white nazi's into america ? good job you are liberal via
so you do want segregation back . racist .
so you'd choose to live in the soviet union then ? it was 100 % white .
sorry  white supremacists aka what they're trying to rebrand them
sounds like a good deal to me  since my marriage to a man in no way changes u or ur life
sounds like you want white people to leave . sounds like you are an antiwhite .
sounds racist to me .. ! just saying . !
southern poverty law is an arm of the left . #splc
speaks 2-3 p . m . today at values voter summit ! > > #pjnet #tcot #t2sda #orpuw #lnyhbt
stay out of the street ! car just ran a bunch of people over and the occupants hoped out and ran according to the video .
still can't believe you people are cheering on the state for stopping this freedom fighter in paris
stop pretending like white people didn't immigrate . stop spreading hate against immigrants .
stop using detroit sports logos for racist things pls
supports and approves and the has it live proves media is racist 2
sure they have  but they were unsuccessful  look at those countries now ...
suzanne you don't have to explain the bible to those who don't believe . they have so much hate for potus trump they are blinded !
switzerlands supreme court : giving a national socialist salute is not a criminal act kyttjlt
syrian immigrants fear german nationalists and want to return home | rea : via
take aways for bjp from #biharresults : 1 . don't sell development to lazy reservation-seekers . 2 . hire lalu yadav .
take you at ur word . they r traditionally more like i described . tend 2 be cover for ethnic nationalists
talks down to all other races - but would be surprised to know the #moors ( black tribe ) enslaved europe for 700 years
texas pp abortionists discussing abortions at 16-22 weeks . abortions after 20 weeks are illegal in texas .
tfw you used to be someone important and now the white house ignores you
thank god there is nothing bigger going on in the world today so you can talk about charlottesville so many months later
thank you for standing up to racist  dangerous organizations like fair . oppose racism  stop hate .
that is exactly what i did here . look at the hate coming out . clear geller & spencer are evils . #hate
that is not nice what you are doing  i'll have you know that some racist
that is quite possibly the dumbest . like saying wanting fair trials for rapists is supporting rape .
that people are different  that is the point
that was my thought exactly ! president executes the laws that congress makes not judicial legislating . gov 101
that went south quickly !
that's a gross mischaracterization of orthodox judaism  but it still doesn't believe marriage is between a man and a woman  see above .
that's right ! to white nationalist ...
the absolute state of you . you sit here calling me a racist because i do not decry t
the alt right and alt light advocate fascism and are against democracy . they say that themselves .
the alt-right isn't responsible for president trump's dismal poll numbers via
the average is 23 . you need to stop spreading ridiculous lies . unreal . glad you can make the math fit your point . real numbers matter .
the cuckservatives want to strike while the iron is hot to try and cobble back together their old loser platform .
the economist : an insurgent in the white house via
the foot like this . your holding back white nationalism .
the inner party needs the outer party in order to pretend there is a democracy  but i think dems will run horrible candidates and let mccainites win when the dems need to start a war and don't want to be blamed for it . they're the good party for good people after all .
the kkk are the biggest joke i've heard.their superiority complexequals the inferiority in their minds .
the last white
the managing editor of national review endorsed gay marriage . #truconservatives
the mindset can be applied to all whites . hence  racial socialism .
the next #unitetheright will be much larger
the one thing jews should be doing to combat white supremacy via
the people commenting are the same people who glorify the soviet union as heros  and all whites rights aktivists as hitler . stupid
the poorest counties are white and in the south.now  how many black ppl do u know ?
the problem with the alt right is it's ineffective . it doesn't understand the rules to power . they thin
the realist report : on w / robert reyvolt of incendiary radio
the sad mind and evil media genius behind
the sesquisentennial of the war for southern independence as symbolic of the fallen state of the south : excell ...
the spirit of tom watson looms over #cpac2017 #altright
the supreme court puts a bakers business  and artistic freedom  on the line . adf jim campbell in washington post
the venomous snakes the dems are so ignorant and evil they are so use to their own lies they think we
then why don't you just move to palistine  lybia  iran ... it's nice therethey'll embrace youthen kill you !
there has been white flight  and surely white protestant flight .
there is more reckless  self destructive behavior in the alt right . ya'll have become what you claim you're against
there's no support for segregation or racial divide in the bible . it just isn't there
these are racist sheriffs from racist states . their endorsement only further instills their hatred for immigrants ! go away !
they are not contributing . they are hurting the movement . they are political morons . if trump didn't run would you know the alt right ?
they can lose all federal monies .
they could just say we were planning our post-game pot party & all will be ok . afa is in colorado ya know .
they would love to reap the benefits of white supremacy .
they've gotten so crazy with that everyone is a racist now . we even have racist animals  and racist hurricanes .
this is a debate abt whether citizens or judges will decide important policy issuethe very nature of civil marriage . #standformarriage
this is inciting hatred and violence against so please act strongly on this racist propaganda !
this is what you guys dream of gay black boys
this not funny at all bruh
thn you can label that blueprint something other than white .
thousands of russian troops head to turkish border as us planes flee from syrian skies via
throw your christian values away bcuz trump policy is priority says gary bauer hatred whatever #votersvalues
til 8 we're talking to a guest from who supports chick-fil-a for their stance on same-sex marriage . are you supporting chick-fil-a ?
tim wise event at hofstra university is a flop
to understand this thinking you will need my new  patent-pending  guide to liberal logic : the liberal transitive property of algebra : a = b and b = c sooooo ... a = d ( ! ? ! ) if you get the joke please rt.if not  vote democrat !
tony perkins is trending . thought it was that psycho norman bates but it was just that psycho jesus nutjob from the
too many people on stage for debate . at 11th  with 2 % in  shouldn't be allowed to participate .
trump can go cuck himself
trump is not a racist and never has been . john lewis is the racist
trump is not racist you idiot because you don't get a job . it is the places you are going to that are racist . get facts straight .
trump went full globalist that's for sure .
trumps america first leaves jewish groups hesitant via
twitter n fb is not india  bjp forget only . 001 % use it  bjp must manage local newspaper  they actually reach to real rural indians
uk telegraph : racial conflicts will dominate the 21st century via
umm actually it's not . many of the first converts were women . also how are you so sure the creator is feminine ?
under #hr966  lawyers filing suits 4 cons causes face intimidation by biased liberal judges . u 4 that ?
unless you count vice president elect  etc . stfu
unsure . any thoughts on critique of ar optics ? ( relating to recent campaign in london )
update : german media quote security sources as saying a gunman has shot himself after an attempt was made to arrest him .
vetting gop candidates and media on dream  #selfdeportation . #nbcdebate #sayfie #teaparty #tcot
via : dallas mayor more fearful of white men than syrian refugees #tcot
video : white man march - white nationalist rallies organized across the globe for march via
video : white southern nationalists demonstrate in tallahassee  florida | read more :
was launched today by one of our members at for alt right funding . unpoz your funds
watch : the full romania underworld video meets the king of the bucharest underworld
we again demand immediate release of hindu scholar sadhvi pragya singh thakur . delay is baffling .
we are an economic model  made of various ethnostates vying for power and their people .
we disabled people  need to to this also.because its good to have people who understand how it feels to be this way .
we may pardon our personal enemies but should never pardon traitors like sar geelani who  by vomiting poison  are acting as enemies of india
we need more people filming and taking photos on our side  i see antifa has people designed for filming
we're all immigrants who had to overcome racist immigration laws . why do you hate america ? #competentgovernance
welcome to commieville : anarchists hijack charlottesville city hall again via
well said mate  we all want a better deal  blacks  whites and all  most of us aren't racist  but so many are calling us racist it's like ffs
were all 16 student groups muslim student's association ? cause that would be good cause ...
what borders did those people have ?
what do you expect with an imbecile in the white house .
what people don't understand is  people in power don't care if your white  black  brown e
what race is jihad terror again ? i always forget gop wont associate w racist
what's the strategy on antifa   ? you know that the terrori
what's your problem with other people of color
when that mandate erasure then makes insurance too expensive  people will have
when you look at who he is inviting to the speech he is not going to cuck out .
where all white boys do there thing
where's my can of raid ? i found a nest of swastika covered cockroaches on twitter . #punchnazis
where's the proof that league of the south is a national socialist organization ?
while panchkula was burning  khattar was holding meetings ... meet our new nero ! good governance  bjp style
while peddling nobility & iq as western foundation & not mass systematic race based violence . #violence #depraved
white candidate for dnc chair says her job will be to shut other white people down [ video ]
white evangelicals adopt black embryotriplets
white house messaging on amnesty deal shifts after conservative criticism via
white house wants delay in dod #immigration plan via
white house warns that more jihad mail bombs could be coming as white house muslim envoy decries ... via
white kids plotting to genocide anyone who isn't white until their teacher gently informs them of their white privilege .
white liberals truly brenda  i never thought i could hate white people more than i do at this time in history . i'm a democrat  and l'm white
white nationalists are mostly libertarian . they're all under stefan molyneux's videos .
white people need to survive . that's why everyone else has to die  right ?
white people never rape . good point .
white people take more from the system than any other group .
white supremacist are more dangerous than muslims
white supremacy a thing now . good for you don't forget what we do
white woman walks in black neighborhood : im sorry black america cbs chicago
who will change the fate of bihar ? due to poor light scores die in patna stampede on vijayadashmi .
who you calling troll  white trash ? you rook rike gobrin
why  oh why  are you ignoring / shoveling-under the epic take down of the #opkkk by #anonymous ? dotheyownu
why are you so lost ! ! legal immigration is not racist them being here undocumented is wrong ! ! !
why blame only yadavs ? all hindus should revere the cow .
why do you hate america ? via #altright #altsouth
will deal with outstanding issues : narendra modi tells chinese
wish there was something like this when white ppl immigrated to the us . cause you know . native americans were here first
woke : call out white nationalists bespoke : call out white nationalists while living in all white neighborhood
women are not flocking to the alt-right .
working class whites still love the flag . we would be stupid not to use it or variations of it . this ap
would you apply the swastika to a kkk members cake ?
wow dude you did it . you've beaten identity evropa . how will they ever recover ?
wtf i hate white people now !
yea but white men can't jump
yeah  except jews are white
yelling i hate white people and punching one isnt a hate crime  canadian judge rules #swrm #canada #sackthejudge via
yes  nicely dressed white people are who you should worry about attacking you . lunacy .
yes brad  which is why you claim all those black people live in hud housing because they are fortune 500 ceos ...
yes they only have hate and rage and no positive ideology to stand on . democrats don't own my mind .
yes yes more of your alt right tears
yet more evidence that white elites hate the white working class ; plus they can virtue signal and avoid the costs .
you and robert spencer are two of the most racist white people i know .
you brought in all of these left wing antiwar activists and they took over a right wing movement .
you can appeal to the sensibilities of white people better if you're not covered in sw
you co-sign people who push race realism in anti hateful black rhetoric then you cry and play victim when people call you out for your racist actions
you got a bunch of white supremacists for new friends
you guys still accepting members ?
you have been indoctrinated with an anti-white bias . any time you hear white and race y
you keep saying that but the standard of measure you use is a white racist one . tkcal
you mean white trash .
you people are a joke for saying abortion is murder  but should be decriminalized
you say racism is not prevalent today to you mean among black people or white people ? what is your logic based on ?
you should hate your ancestors and your history  regardless the side they were on - they were all evil white males  goy .
you should know better . the white nationalist is richard spencer  not robert spencer
you sound a little bootyblasted that heimbach isn't just another racist libertarian pinokike fanboy podcaster .
you white supremacists are wussies who are insecure that other people are smarter than you .
you're probably not aware that trump once dated a half white half black woman . that same woman thinks he is in no way racist
you're racist .
you're really telling me that people that aren't of a specific race are on the same level of dangerous animals ?
you're right about lots of southern white people wanting nothing to do with obama's america . #dixierepublic #secession #tcot
you're wrong i'm white and my kids are white
your friend hitler was a meth addict .
your hateful pro white projectile vomit is laughable
your right  but right now people are lumping each other into one group ... i'm not white but i'm a white supremacist . 1 /
"  "" : is this the new racism ? #rt black and white unite #kafurdefenceleague """
"  "" abbott is racist "" "" sign-holder : #anchorbaby or #dreamer ? #enddaca #buildthewall """
"  "" beat up white people  whitey ! "" "" """
"  "" black lives matter "" "" chant breaks out as leader says "" "" we will represent you  white america ! "" "" at #spenceratuf """
"  "" chance of encounter "" "" ? what bs ! an "" "" encounter "" "" obviously takes two people . the "" "" white "" "" ( racist term ) is attacked """
"  "" conservatism "" "" in the us means libertarianism only  which goes even further than classical liberalism """
"  "" conservatism conserves nothing "" "" """
"  "" i am of the opinion that the majority of american and european jews are white . "" "" - - - dylann roof """
"  "" i think the media have been harder on trump than any other president certainly that ive known about . "" "" """
"  "" rallies where you kill and shoot people "" "" ? that never happened . don't @ me . you're crazy """
" ' holocaust ' debate / comments / news letter between karl bischoff and hans kammler ( mentioning  "" gassing cel ... """
" ' holocaust ' debate / comments / news so called  "" holocaust scholar "" "" brent m . blackwell demolished on majdanek ... """
" ... what have i said that was  "" racist ? "" "" """
" :d rt politically correct rt dalai lama says islamic jihadists  "" misuse jihad "" "" """
" a white supremacist when they are conservative can a person of color  i . e . maxine waters  still be a person of  "" white privilege "" "" ? ohb was """
" attention whoring alt-right / lite  "" personalities "" "" vying for influence / popularity / donations """
" hunter-mike tokes spent his whole broadcast using the media's terms  "" white supremacist "" "" & "" "" racist "" "" lite """
" is the koch bros of extreme anti - #lgbt  "" #religiousfreedom "" "" laws . #ga #nc """
" let around 2000 people gather in a small area  declare it  "" unlawful "" "" then have the crowds "" "" disperse "" "" somewhere ? great plan . """
" no . just people who eat  "" dressing "" ""  not "" "" stuffing  "" "" for thanksgiving . """
" obama to immigration activists :  "" no force on earth can stop us "" "" #noamnesty #vine """
" people seem to appreciate his  "" in your face "" "" new york attitude and bluntness . when you're on the receiv """
" picture :  "" i hate white people . give me money . "" "" """
" rep steve king :  "" the #marriage debate needs to be left to the people . "" "" #scotus """
" ripped off : student loans soar 275 % over past decade from the outrageous costs of  "" education "" "" #debt #ows #tcot """
" rt  "" : a beautiful selection of beautiful art from the hand of adolf hitler : via "" "" """
" rt  "" don't end the debate ! "" "" #marriage #scotus """
" rt  "" i have never worked with a more miserable son of a b---h in my life  "" "" boehner says of cruz """
" rt  "" the $ 10800 contributionsis mylane . "" "" - heidi cruz """
" rt : interfaith outreach in syria : islamic jihad groups attack monastery  try repeatedly to destroy  "" id """
" rt almost certainly it was evropa . the flyers are very similar and say  "" latino power - viva la raza . "" "" ( which i doubt la raza would ever say ) """
" rt here's what i'm watching for next on twitter purge : whether they apply their racism standard evenly and ban 90 % of the democrat party and so-called  "" msm "" "" """
" rt i was a guest on program to discuss my latest article in the barnes review history magazine dealing w /  "" anti-semitism "" "" """
" rt modi govt making big mistake being  "" nice "" "" with those who mock it publicly . they see it as weakness  not strength #sonia #mamata """
" rt perhaps we close all the  "" #abortion mills "" "" so that women only go to safe abortion clinics . """
" rt so tired of the argument that the gop is out of touch . cannot be  "" in touch "" "" with people who are too stupid to reason with . """
" rt yeah seriously  beefs aside with the  "" mainstream "" "" has never been anything more than a cartel of mass media outlets """
" they need milo to be  "" alt-right "" "" so make our men look like a joke . if they actually reported the truth """
" they'd say many things including  "" white "" "" is a social construct . """
" this is a battle amongst white people as to who is a  "" good "" "" white person versus who is a "" "" bad "" "" white person nothing to do with us black people """
" what do you mean by  "" white privilege "" "" ? things white people enjoy beca """
" what is your definition of being  "" racist "" "" ? because  as i'm sure you know  everyone see """
" when white guys kill 58 innocents it's the  "" price of freedom "" "" when muslims do same  it's time to ban or deport them """
" wtf is an  "" alt-right open intelligence initiative "" "" ? """
" yeah  here white  "" christians "" "" commit more sorts of ... i guess hate crimes ... but alas  angry """
" yeah  ryan . but you don't mind  "" clogging up "" "" american jails with american lawbreakers ... """
#alqaida video urges muslims in #kashmir to wage #jihad on india
#altrightmeans the internet belongs to us now  normies . join and be cool with the right squad .
#askwhitehouse #factcheck - illegal aliens get emergency healthcare  tuition subsidies . children can get public benefits .
#australia defence force advised to wear civvies #islam #islamophobia #tcot #antimuslim #terrorism
#capitalism = profiting off other people's workwarren buffetts net worth jumps $ 154m thanks to mortgage settlement ..
#delhicm shameless has destructed delhi into this.ppl suffer & mlas r no where to be seen .
#except for the white people
#germany : vigilante patrols take to #german streets following #migrant attacks 1 #europe #invasion #refugees #dademuertos #refugeeswelcome
#isis is planning simultaneous attacks across britain  #france and #germany  supergrass ...
#kraeperdickrt . rally  hope kaepernick stays unemployed . disrespecting natl anthem doesn't make u a hero . he's a loser !
#littlemarco poised to head into tuesday with tremendous momentum from puerto rico  us virgin islands  guam and dc
#obama's #amnesty will now be on #cbs #abc tonight 8et share watch react #tcot #ccot #pjnet
#onthisday 2000 2 former arrested on murder charges in the 1963 church bombing in birmingham  #alabama that killed 4 black girls
#vipexitpoll nitin gadkari ( bjp ) appears to be winning from nagpur seat . vilas baburao muttemwar ( inc ) behind . aap's anjali damania third .
' holocaust ' debate / comments / news belgian jewish newspaper freaks over siegfried verbeke interview  he sa ...
' holocaust ' debate / comments / news germany submits film on auschwitz trials for the oscars : this sounds li ...
' holocaust ' debate / comments / news holocaust discussion is the same as debating climate change : i have tou ...
( ( ( white guy ) ) )
* if they didn't have white people to hateftfy
. : the engine that drives washington  d . c .  and that drives our country  is full of filth and corruption ... #scprimary
. and jewish groups back barack obama push on guns
. did bannon not say breitbart was a platform for the alt-right ? is / was milo not associated with breitbart ? hairsplitting .
. like your health plan ? 2 bad . oh  and you have 2 pay 4 abortions now  too . and like it . #obamacare
. oh u be racist if u don't obama
. says we're all old & white .
. you racist . weren't built for the war . condone bad cops murdering as coward
... i'm sorry . :/
... it's more than nothing and less than everything . :)
... the conflict . the left started identity politics  decades ago  so it's responsible for any blowback it doesn't like . / 2
1 / are we raising racists illustrates everything that is wrong with our media and education system
2 think otherwise is some racist fantasy that thnks blacks are less moral than whites .
2014 white privilege conference - in their own words : via
4 . he did not cooperate with police . obstruction of justice .
4 members of antifa were arrested yesterday for aggravated assault . i have 2 of their names . they attacked women and police and pepper sprayed a young woman as well . john aaron brian - works for favor quintin hatt - 27 - manager at via 311 pizza both in austin  texas
5 . therefore  once again  it's up to us . up to the south . like it was in 1778  1814 and 1846 .
5240 russian sorties include 145 by long-range aviation - russ.gen.staff #russiavsisil
7 rcr being decked for as manmohan singh moves baggage to motilal nehru marg  soon be named rss marg or ss marg
90 % is disgustingly low . no reason to oppose religious freedom
: . why ? muslims can't be white ? what race is the jihad massacre of innocent civilians again ? i
: and you're racist for thinking jihad is limited to a race ...
: antifa : the real threat to the republic via
: check out our new video on diversity . be sure to leave comments !
: crooked hillary is playing the white nationalist card again . truth is most of the violence  hatred  and racism in america
: grandstanding bankruptcy court in ca strikes down doma on monday ; whelan comments  link to decision :
: i love being white via
: i m moslem and i hate jihadists they r a bunch of terrorists who want to kill anyone who doesn't join
: islamic state mocks us with photoshopped santa held hostage #isis #daeshbags #christmas #santa
: join us at 10am edt to #prayformarriage today . prayer guidelines from : #scotus ;
: linda sarsour : the enemy of the state
: media attack trump  insist it was necessary to kill hundreds of thousands of southerners via
: noam chomsky has written an article saying that antifa's violence helps the alt-right . he said antifa would l
: on these documents which have not been denied and in which over 5 years continuously he types himself as british citizen !
: outside the south and interior west  there's a generic yankee culture . but hating southerners and people in i
: serious people realize that this union has to be dissolved . the choice is secession  submission  or revolution . what's i ...
: south carolina : carter strange beating update #tcot #ocra #teaparty #tpp
: thats the problem with the current populations obsession and identity with a geograp
: whenever our fellow white citizens see white people publicly standing up for our ra
: white french are victims of racial hatred in their own country ( video )
< i believe that qualifies as a racist remark .
a few weeks ago on counter currents an article which said alt righties overreact to trump moves  he has
a nationalist is an america first patriot . the white part is irrelevant .
a petition stop christian court martial policy-check out this article from :
a pro-white movement overtaken by white nationalists ! ? ! what a shocking turn of events ! ! !
a small minority of jews lived in south . it was dangerous enough being jewish being openly supportive o
actually  i think it is much more attributable to their isolation and lack of over-population than anything else .
actually your wrong . with people there's 1race & 1race only  the human race & all members of human race r equal !
adolf hitler's telephone  recovered from the fuhrerbunker  to be sold at auction via
africa belongs to the blacks ! you whites have caused enough damage !
africa violence intensifies in melbourne via
ain't that america : white house unveils new gender inclusive restroom  gay power couple in vietnam via
all british are advised to move to folkland island as fuhrer advances to avenge nuremberg bombings
all news channels suspend their primetime telecasts & showing live ! ! #modiindubai #modimagic . modi deeply engages uae crowd .
all the famous criminals i know of are white  and amercian . not mexican .
all they do is attack the alt right and discourage thus far successful tactics we've used until now try
all trump has accomplished is golfing trips we paying for  distance us from allies  and make white america great again
all union ministers from bihar & jharkhand must resign before counting is over .
also how do you know you are white ?
america first should be exactly that regardless of what race you are . i'm sure your soldiers would agree .
amnesty with welfare allows corporations to underpay workers who get subsidies from the taxpayers .
an infamous accomplice of jihad  dressed in white ...
and fox news joins band wagon of jackals who condemn potus for what he didn't say . still watch tucker  then turn off .
and im proud to a #cuckservative or at least i think im freeand i wont forget the men who diedfor the rights of refugees
and putin just added more laws to silence political dissidents . suckers .
and ran by whites  governor  legislature and all  correct ?
and some people still don't believe thernobitch is a jew ?
and that's true . you can't be racist wo the power as a group to influence other groups . white supremacy is a team sport .
and the mayor ! ! it was peaceful till the antifa showed up . pathetic ! ! !
and the people believe him . he will do what he says ! the people have confidence in him .
and to spread their hypocritical two-faced anti-lgbt hatred .
and you got 70 + m white / black / latino / asian americans who stand with you .
another 58.000 refugees continue their journey to europeread more at
another waffen ss man to stand trial in the zionist occupied germany ! read more : via
antifa is a false flag  that's why .
antifa is a strong  aspirational brand of excrement tossing chimpanzees  or something .
antifa philadelphia focused on the residents just like they did 2 months b4  and they got ' em .
appreciate your gifts of humor and are hope and encouragement to my beautiful loving black & white family .
are you braindead ? i encourage people to go
are you going to teach your young child that people of color are inferior to white people like you were taught ?
are you offended that they are cracking down on white supremacist ?
article : the south china sea - a watery tinderbox - by :/ /
as a white man  i cant speak to if the facts presented here are true  but his conclusions are true for all of us .
as do the younger . what generation makes up antifa ? the most thotish ? most viruently a
as i've said in other replies  the da should investigate and charge all of the people involved if there is sufficient evidence .
atone deaf : libs demand apology from trump base : demand all you want ! ! you owe us the apologies - a lot ! !
back in the days when hillary supported the kkk . #altright
based on my study of racist fascists  the rage is found more commonly amongst loser caste of white folks
because a racist hate group will calm racial strife ... right . smh
because y'all think he's white cause he is
berkeley's bazian on #paris attacks : it's the #islamophobia  stupid ! #tcot #teaparty
big surprise ! donna brazile doesn't like the way #gop candidates handled latinos ( santorum excepted ? ) #cnndebate
bihar : modi most popular  lalu a leader in decline ; cong barely gets a mention
bjp is bunch of loosers minus namo ..
black friday more like white friday am i right
black population is 13 % . white 63 %
brilliant article here : the liberation of auschwitz
bringin the high energy fam #hwndu #hewillnotdivideus
btw  antifa is terrorizing people . i do not at all agree with their method
but to say it is 1000  000 times better to kill a jew than a palestinian is false . they are equal
but white supremacy is global ... we all know this .
but will actually do anything and pass it ? ? he let kate's law die in the senate . betrayal of american people .
by the way  i was never charged with a hate crime  so these people cant even get their facts correct .
cake artist ordered to ignore his faith and complete re-education supporting same-sex marriage
california's june primary just became crucial in the race for the white house
californias lost cause by #altright
call the white house 202-456-1414 and tell them to end daca via
calling white trash is an insult to styrofoam ! the klan is despicable .
can i join yall clan on xbox ?
carolyn yeager is back to discuss the jewish agenda to shut down anti-semitism & holocaust denial  trump & more !
celebrated president trump at with a real #wonderwoman brigitte gabriel founder ! #marchagainstsharia #womenfortrump
cernovich has highly successful mindset work to go back to . these people were always in it to make some
cernovich is not ally of white nationalism
charlottesville = just a bunch of hipster millenials play fighting  result of too much game of thrones watching
cia gets smart on white house delusion :
co011 : on white nationalism part 1
coal india is big and profitable  but the future looks black via
cofcc is not a white supremacy group . stop lying .
coke is black ! it can't be racist !
cops will defend anyone if theyre cops  even violent deranged felons . i hope you alt-righters wake up to how the state operates  they don't see white woman or white man or black man ... it's only us vs them
could care a less about your snark . stop whining and go win or take a seat to your betters
cow slaughter in defiance of court order at kulgam  tral  anantnag  pulwama and many other places in kashmir . this in a state ruled by bjp .
created this memorial
crowd gathers at forrest memorial in memphis via
cruz is extremely popular among white-evangelicals in the lone star state
cucks rebuff kristols third-party pick
dave is such a cuck .
dear  don't sell ads to know racist hate groups like . #buildthewall #nobannowallnoraids
demand is more so does it make sense ntto produce domestic gas and depend only on imports ? wont that hit the inflatn
democrats founded the kkk to bully and harass blacks and republicans .
democrats protect their racist its ok . but anyone else who is not a dem are true racist . do they know how stupid they look .
did sum 1 complain 4 been white  y'all lov ur skin more than anything else  if u want 2 save ur race kl jst dnt fck others up
did you know #sb1070 co-author is member of org w / ties to white supremacy  eugenics ? see #justice4az
difference between upa & bjp is that upa sat over investigation of #blackmoney bjp will follow due process before revealing names .
disgraceful at best . we know who he sides with . future dim voters over own citizens . shame on him & congress !
disgusting . more voters disenfranchised by the gop ! this primary process is a farce and rigged from the start !
do it white brothers
do you believe there were actual white slaves in america ?
do you hate strong beautiful women ? #counterjihad
do you seriously believe in white privilege ?
do you want to trump sycophant in the white house ?
does sharia and the q-book allow deceit  cheating  lying to his fellow muslimeen ? how hypocrites these rogues are ! stupids .
don't you just love black people
door-to-door identity theft likely under #obamacare - #journalism
douglasville is only thirty percent white
dr . kevin macdonald joined me this morning to discuss his book culture of critique and the future of white america :
dude  the people of the congo explored the cosmos in pyramids before europeans showed up and oppressed them .
during the 1936 olympics  churchill said : we will force hitler into war  whether he wants it or not .
europeans are white .
except neither of them ever exterminated white people .
fair  you racist lying scum
fair immigration is a branded hate group that's led by a known racist named john tanton . key members are white supremacists .
fair is a racist  white supremacist group we know what you are
fair is a racist organization !
faith in the white house :
fdny met the white helmets aka isisspecial kinda stupid
feds target family business . calls on trump to protect it #religiousliberty
fillon paid 23y old daughter 3800 / m then 23y old son 4850 / m . so he respected at least 1 key rule of professional life : the gender pay gap .
finally  for the very first time  a true and accurate statement in the .
fired by trump  reviled by democrats  comey will be missed by those who protect us jews via
first they canceled the gym membership of white nationalists & i did not speak out b / c i was not a white nationalist
for the people who did this france : only the worst punishment should come to them .
forced abortion that injured woman reveals much about planned parenthood |
form white cause in state legislation should be okay now .
friends attention : the father of brave baloch is not abducted ; if anyone got this impression due to our tweets  pl . note ! !
gab is run by one of the chosen who has already censored people .
german election : trouble for merkel as chancellor faces populist resurgence ahead of vote
german media begins to frame pegida as far right wing violent extremism | eu
germany : national socialist island resort to be turned into luxury flats #swrm #germany #ns #wn via
germany gives israel nuclear attack submarines as a holocaust donation ! read more : via
germany spent 20 billion on invasion in 2016 #swrm #germany #invasion via
germany still paying pensions to spains national socialist volunteers #swrm #germany #ns #spain via
get your racist promoted feed off my twitter !
good ! are you also helping the white people in america return to their ancestral homelands in europe ?
good let them ! they have enough problems ! terrorists want to kill them . gang members want to kill them . ms - 13 want to kill them . so sad .
gop : the home of racism & white supremacy ? | cuck state via
great interview . well spoken and appealing .
great video . rt : black history month and christianity--the faith behind great leaders : via
haha ! you can tell is a lot nicer than normal antifa trash . she just got caught up in somet
haha i'm white buddy .
harald scharnhorst joined me this morning to discuss his new book & weaponized historical narratives - check it out !
has stopped white people yet ?
hasn't he been a populist much longer than the campaign ? might be more co-opting than bait-and-switch
have you ever encountered these claims dr bill warner ?
he gets called a racist if does that and gets called a racist when he does condemn the white supremacist idiots . fake media is ruthless
he is a weak president . constantly blaming others and the media .
he strongly align with your white religious institutions as well .
he's not black both his parents are white
hearing today . 3 reasons you should pay close attention to former fire chief's case #firedforfaith
hellstorm : the rape of germany ( video ) #swrm via
hi  we specialise in money - fantastic program on monetary reforms-you will love it . - join national socialist party
hi i'm black and in the army
hillarys hispanic problem : hispanics aren't ready for hillary
hindus are insensitive to nationalism because vedic seers worked for welfare of all peoples  blogs .
hitler was right . stalin was a sickening piece of sh * t who murdered tens of millions and enslaved the rest with communism .
hope all u guys had a happy white xmas
how about the black ' n white minstrels ?
how about we put the white camp in antarctica ?
how long we can tolerate such abuses ? pl . radiate
how many european languages do you speak ? how many european countries have you been to ? have you switched to kilograms & kilometers yet ?
how many problems will solve ? while modi in #uk  bada rajan plans fingering
how much is the border wall for canada ? oh wait they're mostly white ...
how stupid are the people of south carolina ?
i agree we are over-rating the importance of money . i have red pilled hundreds of people us
i am hoping with the massive police presence that everything will stay peaceful there
i am tired of race being brought up in all of this . so what if america elected a black or purple or white president . we want honesty .
i could less about the #gop surviving .
i don't hate anyone i have lots of friends of white friends . now where have i heard that b4 ! ?
i don't necessarily think nationalism is white
i don't need a map to show me what an embarrassment you are to your ancestors and culture .
i don't speak for identity evropa . still true .
i dont care ! they are idiot scum ! ! you are no better accusing people like me  russ  etc . based on the 6 degrees of separation theory ! you are obviously as much of a racist  vilifying every white person who disagrees with you  as #stefan & #linda
i finally got around to joining twitter . #altright
i generally try not to make assumptions about people i know nothing about . but you go ahead . enjoy .
i have a need to hang out with people that are different than me . people o
i have moral outrage -> i hate wife beating . i hate child marriage . i hate jihad #billwarner
i heard a rumour that he was connected to antifa .
i hope roy moore whens tonight its like a competition good vs evil
i impregnated 3 white women  what about you ?
i just feel like there are still white men who will be swayed by their corruption and gre
i just watched it . its pretty disgusting and racist . it definitely promotes white supremacy . now that im aware  i will never promote . hes a despicable human being & i will say so.am i still a suspected white supremacist for checking my own facts ?
i know . but not flying the flag is elevating your feelings over sound strategy . let the media call the
i know nothing about them but that's what nationalists look like . as opposed to  say  antifa .
i live in ky . most people here hate him . i know plenty of people that would show up .
i think your generalization about conservatives ( at least politicians ) has merit  while holding that the alt-right is the wrong solution .
i thought we were talking about white women .
i will go gay for the venus de milo
i would like to report the white people that came here from europe illegally
i'd wager he and milo have similar sexual tastes .
i'm not going anywhere near a racist website i don't go to white supremacist website and sure not going to a black supremacist one
i'm not going to hate myself for my race nor will i hate you back . i love my heritage  that's it .
i'm not talking as bjp worker and i am with modi not with his party
i'm talking about those in the white supremist groups
i've never seen hunter not present well .
identity europa i'm confident they're not feds tbh
if he did it he should resign . but in america you're innocent until proven guilty . but this is standard dnc playbook parade a bunch of paid accusers a month before election ( trump debate ) make accusations and see what sticks . wapo has openly endorsed his opponent . shady
if it were only people of jewish descent  it wouldn't be an issue . many millions of whites are in the marxist cult
if the alt right hadn't alienated the oath keepers who had to step up and be the adults ...
if you believe that homeless white people are not in need of support  idk what to tell you
im willing to bet that  that happens less than tou claim .
in excitement forgot that modi isn't first but puppet pm mms was first to get .
in my eyes you go because you somehow believe the white race is forgotten or as retaliation to the blm movement .
in saudi law for injury or death  full benefits for muslims  1/2 for christians  1/16 for hindus . similar ratio of concern in indias media !
in second picture  they both like they are hitting each other in the chin #berkeley #antifa #berkrally #trump
in the mean time more examples of white privilege
inclusion for everyone except those with a european identity
india  japan and australia . the middle coalition ?
india needs more banks before more bank accounts
info black on white crime in the us .
investigate godman - father dominic  am sure he paid money to these vandals . later blame hindus !
it is a master stroke by bjp to bring kiran bedi ji and declare her party's cm candidate : shanti bhushan
it would have a massive downstream effect . far larger than the whole gamergate episode
it's a good thing ! : oklahoma ruling imposing marriage redefinition an attack on freedom #1m1w
it's a shame no one genuinely trisomic won . people thirst 4 gibberish and non sequiturs .
it's also time to destroy fascism here . you are the last vestige of fascism in america . fascist american immigration retards = fair '
it's an odd thing  this convergence of street fighting and mexican lucha wrestling
it's like saying a white man who kills a black man for his money is guilty of a hate c
it's ludicrous . you're hate can only produce one thing and that's more hate . #fascists
it's not the majority of the illegals who cause our problem . it is white supremacists and angry white men with guns .
it's not the statues that they hate  it's the people they represent . white people . you .
it's so ridiculous to say that immigrants cause the drought here in ca you guys can't find anything else better to say or do
it's up to #truconservatives in congress and the state legislatures  not the president  to address the issue
italian police raid fascist beach club near venice #swrm #italy via
its interesting how white supremacists can ignore blatant racism / bigotry  and focus in on proper debate etiquette when their racist friends get exposed ... lets see what this guy has to offer ...
j . graf and the illogical canard : ' where did jews go then ? ' : we hear the logically flawed question repeatedly  ...
jared taylor opposes scottish independence
john kasich ought to switch to a democrat communists . he is in line with them more ! !
john kasich went full huntsman #gopdebate
joins #dcwatchlive next w / update on positive response from ok university in fighting racism on campus
just a few pics of white crime
just look at trump . he was a big star for years and loved by many . he was never called racist  sexist  or a rapist  until elections came around .
just three states took in a quarter of all refugees in 2016 via
just wear nice clothes in general . your polo doesnt have to be white to be white . look good by looking good . its really that simple .
killa white skin head
killer of ambassador : we are those who have given a pledge of allegiance to muhammad that we will carry on jihad
kkk fliers found in whittier  urge action against blacks  latinos on it .
land ? im not talking about some land . people is all that matters  not piece of land
league of the south demonstrates in favor of kentucky coalminers .
league of the south puts up ' secede ' billboard on i - 85 in montgomery
lessonnotlearned not hate #wakeupamerica
let us continue to reach out at universities around the nation ! has much to offer  get involved ! #projectsiege
let's be a white resister #wpww via
lifetime goal achieved today . 500x1 bench press . the #powerdivision marches on ! #liftwaffe
like anyone would be on your side #fuckthekkk
like i said  i need to confirm your identity . so let's make that happen . we'll als
like we can't see through this ? us muslims & us queers know you want us both dead  and we'll stand together against you . #antifa #lgbtqia
live thread : southern demographic displacement rally ( greer and travelers rest  sc ): south carolina were her ...
living in modern civilization is appropriating white culture .
lol ! well that seals it . i'm white now .
lol - david wood has debate islamic scholars whether the quran is a book of peace with islamic scholars shabir ally :
look  how u built up an anti-national image in the eyes of ur own community . shame on u #arnabrattlesbarkha
looks so professional . and scholarly ! i'm sure the students will be fooled and you'll get a lot of new converts
makes me racist too  i guess .
many american children are victims of school shootings by racist white boys . white boys threaten the safety of americans !
massive destruction of black family a direct result of johnsons welfare system-reduced benefits for married couples . b4 johnsons war on poverty  blacks exceeded whites in % age of intact families . poverty was on steep decline  but leveled off about 7yrs after welfare enacted !
maybe cuz all europeans are white
middle-aged white americans are dying of despair
milo and pjw are tools to start red pilling normies . they serve an invaluable asset to the greater goal . smh
modi takes new york by storm . stuns with his candour and positivism . makes one proud of being indian .
more south indian names tumble out of panama papers closet
more white supremacist terror influenced by hate speech cesspools
most of the comments on this article are negative . like it or not  breitbart is right . trump is losing his base .
mt : #wi white privilege conf bashes white islamophobia
nah  you don't get it . you support mexican  chinese  indian restaurants ; they bring their family over and open another restaurant . its real .
national socialist party wants todebate if people understand the import of speaking orders as required under our existing system
national socialist stance on the issues : #education #tcot #educare #children #students #teachers
nazis never went away . they call themselves the #altright because you think people are stupid .
new terror groups more networked  advance : m k narayanan
night hunter : russias new #helicopter gunship grabs international attention #nato
no  avoiding to vax your kids and chemtrails are conspiracy theories . white privilege is real !
no  but the south made their fight about slavery ...
no  not necessarily . hardest part in cr cases finding out reason for refusal . not here business owner said it was religious prejudice .
no . people like you are . this is what happens when you push too much  people push back .
no i dont associate with racist people who t
no mention of motive or purpose of rally by people to be misled your a white supr
no that would be racist
none of these people care about their followers . if baked al
nope  only white people can be racist ... #sarcasm
nope . and no  the league of the south people weren't attacking anyone on t
not going to be good in places like mi  wi  io  oh and pa . they want to see actual populist results  not tru-con rhetoric
not sure . but kirk and spock hate klingons and romulans . these racist nazis spew nothing
not sure i agree . media tends to see apologies of any kind as weakness . blood in the water .
nothing wrong with being white person you racist bigot !
now we know why #roymoorechildmolestor #alsen #religiousfreedom #familyvalues #trump #russia #trumpinvietnam #alsenrapist #mueller
now you said something true ! doesn't matter what side they're on  that's the point . but your hate begets more hate  so you lose ground
obviously a white supremacist
of course mccain would trash nationalism while he's out of the country  in munich ...
of course that's because they are out of anything constructive and the nation is onto their dysfunction  obstruction & lies #maga
off with these black clothes now kkk ! or you'll be called bad names by me ! you can only wear white clothes.only white !
oh you do like a generalisation robert ... anything to suit your agenda will do nicely ... all muslims want to kill jews ... no
omg ... wow ! how can you be so narrow minded ? rasism is still here because of people like you ! jeeze !
omg you have to deal with this despicable person day after day  robert ? has he proved 1 supposed lie yet
on the parallels between trump's speech yesterday & the anti-semitic protocols of the elders of zion -
once we get these nazi's and white supremacists out of the white house  i'll feel safe and secure again !
one aaptard exposed many-paid media  sonia  rahul  congis  aap ( rather paap ) & many pseudo secular.shame ! ! !
one of my sons was locked up for almost 10 yrs for repeated marijuana violations . its illegal . you addicts dont get it . get clean & work .
only because racism is confused with realism
or black on white attacks .
pennsylvania doesn't need . women have real choices for healthcare . #defundpp #ppsellsbabyparts
pl . don't issue any license for private sector banks or allow everyone to have a banking license
pl note is set to apportion the arabian desert with allies
please be advised snoop dog threatening to kill potus .
policing white white  an feature :
poll : donald trump jumps to an 18 point lead over ted cruz nationally . reports .
poor blacks work just like poor whites . corporations can't get rich without the worker . econ 1301
ppl as possible and give everyone a year . even the alt right thinks he's sick if it's
president trump hosts white house hanukkah party
president trump should withdraw chai feldblum's nomination ; barring that  members of the senate should not confirm
racist republicans get criticized but racist demokkkrats get immortalized ! just see robert byrd and william j . fulbright for proof .
rational voices of the #lgbt community support #religiousfreedom
religion is ok - it's the abusive use of it that's the problem . personally i judge people by their actions  religion doesn't matter much .
right on  i appreciate you being clear about your position . i can see how white people are in need of support given the threat to their dominance .
rt : thankful for the brave first responders and remembering all who lost their lives and loved ones in the 9/11 attacks .
sad that u don't understand what liberty means . #lovewins #generationnoh8
salon : lets hope the boston bomber is a white american : salon check out the headline at salon : lets hope the ...
seems the left considers all conservatives white supremacists and nazi's and racist . its sad all the hatred they harbor towards other people
shahid sidiqqui is spreading communal hate on . threatening international reaction .
she is a racist so she think everyone else is too .
she may make bjp a police party .
shilling for cruz  who is a puppet of billionaire donors who want free trade and open borders  or globalism :
show your support for defund planned parenthood  add a #twibbon now ! #fldefundpp #defundpp
since you think all day why not devote some time to pondering why people might want to use an alias on the internet .
sir give a gift to delhi on 15th august . change the name of #aurangzebroad . stop insulting people he murdered .
snap any deals with #snapdeal pl
so #maxinewaters  was heather heyer a racist even though she murdered by a racist while protesting racism  just because she was white ?
so it looks like more white people were killed by cops than black people .
so potus right and media wrong again ?
so their goal is prove to us evil white people that have power ?
some people with a voice for men claimed that the cologne rapes didn't happen .
sorry man you have dark white skin ...
sound like you may be a white supremacists maam ...
south carolina voters have the future of our country in their hands . vote now ( today )  and make america great again !
south korean airport grapples with overflowing garbage from chinese tourists
southern nationalism ?
spencer  enoch and heimbach are having a showdown with antifa in front of the white house
splc  amren 2017  white nationalism 1.0 via
splc is the brain  antifa are the hands that throw punches
splcs mark potok : donald trump is a racist  has white nationalist positions : splc now officially on the t ...
stacy nationalism ?
steven miller is the poster-child of juvenile whiny shitposting . #altright merely responds in kind .
stockholm : asylum-helper killed by asylum seeker #swrm #scum #sweden via
strange how that works . yet it is close to election time .
strawman argument  you can be pro-white
strongest white house support yet for #marchforlife . #whywemarch
supremacy is wrong  and always will be . white  black  st
sure sounds like your type of crowd . maybe one of your readers ?
swamy vivekananda birthday national youth day
swiss blogger sentenced to six months in jail for question the ' six million ' ! read more : via
t . dalton on the dishonest richard evans & deborah lipstadt : i've selected text from a highly recommended work ...
taylor remains undefeated .
ted cruz to endorse donald trump via #trumptrain
tell that to the southern poverty law center .
thank you mr president and may god richly bless you
thank you sir ( mr lk advani ) for your blessings for the city of delhi ...
thank you vasundhara ji . congratulations to you & the rajasthan bjp for the spectacular performance in the state .
thankful the adf international team in #brussels is safe ! #prayfortheworld
that is part of the white supremacy logic  that native people are less than human . we aren't .
that rules out antifa . their ideology is based on hate . hate of whoever the corporate media machine says is politically incorrect .
that's lame . are there any alt-right organizations in canada ?
the #trucons have been all over the airwaves on msnbc :
the % of white people must be baffeling .
the alt-right should be having too much fun to worry about leadership
the ancient fathers of india / bharat were the vedic rishis and yogis  vasishta  vishvamitra  bhrigu  angiras and many forgotten over time .
the brian ruhe show : kyle hunt on white people  jews  muslims  hitler and spirituality today via
the chairman of the is suhayda ? is an arab leading the white nationalists ?
the code word of using victim hood to support white supremacy is stupid - i have no problem admitting it .
the faith policy daily is out ! top stories today via
the first settlers of ca were white spaniards
the gop seems to be forgetting another group they should consider : white people .
the indian act is in perfect compliment to white supremist governance  as result canada runs perfectly as white supremist society .
the latest #social #california ! #twitter #california
the latest lazcato's revolutionews ! thanks to #activism #revolution
the lone waffen-ss soldier who held off a whole wave of russian infantry and tanks #swrm via
the majority of humans on earth are none white .. from asia  africa . s-america
the most dangerous terrorists in our country are white and racist and were born here .
the national socialist #economy - a far better system : to #capitalism and #greed
the nba bans donald sterling for supposedly being racist but racist al sharpton gets invited over 80 times to the white house ?
the net racial difference is about 1 out of 30 births
the nuclear option : ted cruz loves himself more than our country - breitbart
the only racist are the people screaming racism !
the only way we can bring people back to the middle is debating and actually talking to people . and end the culture of outrage
the plagiarist would like you to believe #trump lovers are only white . #ignorantazzwipefareed
the problem is many american euro-descent ) do accept them as white
the real problem is ppl like you who claim you are not white supremacist but continue to praise  follow and retweet known white supremacists
the roman empire was multicultural  globalist . they lumped the gauls into one group  but they're different nations . full nationalism  right ?
the senator is a traitor to americans ! ! !
the state of heritage defense
the white house has been radicalized .
the white ones lol
the whole purpose of gop is to stifle / squelch resistance to cultural marxist tyranny whil
there are corrupt black mayors and corrupt white politicians . just as there are black and white murderers
there r some smart people on altright . if they expelled bloated  brain damaged  virgin  neo-na
there's no such thing as european identity . romans & greeks would have laughed at the idea of being lumped in with barbaric germans & celts
they are talking of some dilapidated white house in raqqah and america for them is turkey as for them earth is flat
they aren't . us white people are to blame for our current situation .
they aren't the root of the problems . white people failing to uphold their
they can look forward to having their funding cut
they do not know how populism works . it was a peoples movement . they had no power to purge a populist candidate . no credibility .
they must have been some of those white supremacists beating people in frustration over the removal of confederate monuments .
they're farming body parts of these poor souls  so people like hillary can live longer
they've all got adult add . trump russia  ooooh shiny object  trump nk  oooooh squirrel
this debate is about trump.the race is about trump.all roads lead to trump . #trump2016 #gopdebate
this guys are real evil
this is exactly how to do it . good optics  strategy and also just good hearts helping these poor guys . bless u
this is exactly how we all feel in america as women of the human race . #americans4americans
this is why is rapidly growing in popularity on college campuses across the country . #projectsiege
this made me cry . you have a beautiful sweet heart #freetobelieve
this picture looks like a where are they now for a worse version of white snake
this statement is racist . #stopislam #bansharia
thy block your site on school internet but dont block black lives matter lol
tip of the iceberg . media rarely ever covers entrenched culture of child rape among hollywood elites .
to hear them tell it  charlottesville was some kind of overwhelming communist victory .
tonight hangouts from with from and from . can't wait ! #altright
top ten charts # 7 : by 2050 less than half of america's population will be white
trucons lament the rise of white identity politics via
trump blamed groups-by name - who were victimized and whose 1st a rights were violated by antifa & cop
trump retweets white genocide via
trump university is indeed a fine institution for people like you . good luck  you'll need the welfare !
trump's populist ' america first ' should scare american jews and worry israelis
trumps white walkers : winter is coming
two questionable cubans sure don't represent white protestant america .
u never said miami was 5 % non hispanic white . u said it was 5 % white . theres a huge difference
u racist
ugh ! rting this moron w / his fat girl again ? ! ? i thought white supremacists believed in superior genes ? #sofat
uh here's another account i'm gonna take down . can you guys help ?
uk : ex-queens chaplain says quran in cathedral not bridge building so much as capitulation
unfortunately there aren't many place to go where american imperialism / white nationalism
unless he's saying libyans are exemplary examples of the white race in which case they should be welcoming libyan refugees  their white bros
unlike antifa  they're mostly harmless  mostly .
via & : exposes white-nationalist #hate groups connected to #dreamact
via : france jihadis brother : hes not terrorist  we are muslims . we respect people . #tcot
via : livestream : afdi / jihad watch muhammad art exhibit and cartoon contest #tcot
via : nobel prize winner malala yousafzai donates $ 50000 for un schools in gaza #tcot
via : orlando jihad massacre explodes widely-touted study claiming right-wingers bigger ... #tcot
via : reza aslan re-presents a neglected persian poet #tcot
video : muslim nhl player threatens to slit the throat of opposing player
video : the story of pastor #freetobelieve
was not with the cuck knight . he was separate
water is biggest problem for diliiwala.hooda called kejriwal for meeting to discuss issue today but kejri cancelled meeting for his dharna
we are trying to fight isis  and now our own people are killing our police . our country is divided and out of control . the world is watching
we dont to call it ' marriage . ' that is a church / state issue . but tax-free property transfer is no big deal .
we need to pass the raise act even more today than 20 years ago !
we need to secure our democracy fist . kick out all white supremacist and bigots  then build the wall . make america a better place .
we white jews must also #taketheknee against white supremacy
we're not fighting milo ; we've simply opted not to defend him . this is for two reasons .
weissberg was advocating for white separatism just a few weeks ago . defended white nationalists on &
welcome to the you're racist unless you're a liberal moron club .
well  if the policies of those geniuses have shrunk the middle class  some people might disagree
well according to cnn you are now a white racist . unbelievable .
what a bunch of pusscakes you white lives matter guys are .
what a prejudiced  hateful  racist remark !
what are you ? who raised you ? why is hate your main attack ? hate is usually fear embedded deep ! look in mirror
what could be a greater waste of your time than asking your #truconservative congressman to stand up to political correctness ?
what phobia is when muslims kill hindus ?
what's normal can be altered . the cultural marxists have done a good job of surreptitiously messing nor
where are all the violent white nationalists ? ?
where is your statement on your director #joshduggar you stand strong against everything you oppose  do you not oppose his behavior
while is tweeting about abortion  it has been strangely silent in offering an apology for the double standard regarding #joshduggar .
white ? no . american ? yes .
white audiences are getting very tired .
white flight from southern democrats doomed landrieu via
white genocide is
white house announces strong opposition to religious freedom in military re :
white house revises birth-control rule via #prolife
white man kills over 50 injuring over 500 maybe who we should be really worried about is angry white american men w guns ! #fairishategroup
white mans march : alabama the white mans march made the local news in birmingham  al this afternoon . no less ...
white people are being exterminated ? where is this going on ?
white people are fading away bye bye
white people have been through slavery though
white sharia ?
white supremacy took a huge l when obama got in office . like that's gotta be a racist worse nightmare . yall some losers lol
whiteis not a race . 1 race human race . white isn't even an ethnicity it's a color .
who is this antifa ? ?
who would be your lokpal and what gives you more credibility than the government ?
whoever said that was larping  vast majority of people think italians are white
why so much jewish fear and loathing of donald trump ? | the occidental observer
will white people go to the national black history museum ? : district of corruptio ... #justdoitbetter
within days we go from white guys sperm being deficient articles to a white baby boom ?
wowowow people are finally waking up
wrong govt . is not involved in ved pratap vaidik meeting nor bjp
wtf are you talking about ? blacks are 50-100 % more likely to have diabetes than whites . lmf
ww2 submarine used by top national socialists washes up on the coast of argentina via
yeah  some oath cuck .
yeah star trek : next generation - minorities still had grievances against whites in the year 4000 or whatever .
yep i did . i was interviewing vanguard america when their account and websites went down . identity was rude when i asked to interview them
yes  the bigotry of low expectations - of agency denied . no wonder the #altright and #hoteps are forming an alliance .
yes  these are the things leftist sjws do . why are intelligent people surprised ? why the surprise when scum act like scum ? ?
yes .. let bhushan & their anti-national members says yes to referendum on rammandir
yes i can i'm a true lover of all people . i have more friends different than my race than white friends . i also interracial dated for years .
yes you are  you hate black people
you are a proslavery dem who is a racist
you are racist ! we have no idea what race they are . only that they are illegal . look in the mirror
you are stupid not liking black
you guys are going to sticky an explanation for the alt-right on your site for the inevitable flood  right ?
you guys got a website but still rock sheets with holes cut out for eyes ? #bums
you hate muslims  i hate regressive idiots like you that hold america back  i guess we're even .
you hate that she attacks muslims then you attack her for being a jew . that's really funny .
you have to look at context / history in this country . also  today  i believe people should judged by merits + qualifications  not race .
you mean like white people  who came here to steal from and kill native americans ?
you never saw the movie . spoiler alert stupid ... she ends up with a white guy . you're so typical .
you people call him a pedophile from a most likely false claim with no evidence from 40 years
you speak the truth . its a shame such a divisive  american hating  fraudulent person was our first a
you white ?
you'll default to white because you will miss the benefits
you're a white supremacist
you're the one snarking about white americans identifying as european .
you've stated all whites are white supremacists   thus by definition ... racist ? #blacktwitter
your white supremacy plans will fail . you r an ignorant fool .
"  "" : greece : two retired generals announce theyre running for mep on golden dawn ticket via "" "" """
"  "" : my latest . 9 groups to watch on #immigration reform : #aflcio """
"  "" a 76 % increase in overall #religiousfreedom violations documented over the past three years . "" "" """
"  "" brand nationalism "" "" needs to gtfo . """
"  "" for white supremacy "" "" ? antifa are nazis  quick punch them """
"  "" hate "" "" ... it's like the only word they know to harp on . a gaggle of self-hating sorry excuses for white ppl . """
"  "" how an atheist professor became a voice for faith  "" "" an interview with dr . mike adams in faith and justice magazine : """
"  "" i guess i could see where there might be a problem . "" "" #ab775 #california #prolife via """
"  "" if you aren't nice to these peaceful people they will kill you in your sl """
"  "" in 1963  four girls were killed when members of bombed 16th street baptist church  a tragedy that ignited civil rights movement "" "" """
"  "" master race "" "" excellence on display . u gonna die one day  & aint no "" "" white "" "" in a casket  all of your hate ... just leaves w / u . """
"  "" racial apathy ? "" "" what's that ? """
"  "" welcome to aerious "" "" - "" "" the white identity community center @ """
" 1 hour until ! live coverage of #altright  "" alt right safe space "" "" protest berkeleycampus """
" 80 percent of germans want to ' put holocaust behind them ' :  "" we can consider ourselves lucky that after the atr ... """
" :  "" christians are the world's most persecuted religious group . "" "" - what a load of bs #vvs14 #religiousintolerence """
" actually  hunter   "" science "" "" is a method  and has actually declined . most scientific papers no longer ab """
" alt-right is in no way shape nor form  "" conservative "" "" nor "" "" right-wing "" "" its a big govt nanny state disgrace hate """
" because  "" white people "" "" ( i assume he's referring to the americans ) need representation too ! """
" but i was told  "" jihad "" "" just means "" "" get out the vote "" "" """
" coulter is a connecticut yankee . which tells you about how far i believe and trust her  "" conservatism . "" "" """
" fyi :  "" #stopsanctuarycities "" "" is funded by  a hate group founded by a white supremacist """
" gets  "" duplicitous award "" "" 4 denial #plannedparenthood covers child rape #prolife #tcot """
" how is this  "" pro white "" "" ? """
" i still don't understand why this is an issue .  "" diverse youth "" "" & heavy people sit this way more often . """
" i'm now not sure whether you have any familiarity with the bible . the lord dwells in darkness . where did your education come from ? when you say  "" pastor "" ""  do you mean you claim to know what's in the bible ? """
" if someone asks you if you're going to vote for a child molester  your answer shouldn't be   "" what's his political party ? "" "" - """
" it's called projection . plus her use of  "" clan "" "" is as an anti-white racist code word . """
" just a bunch of  "" old men "" "" working to #defundpp . not . #womenbetrayed """
" live : talks about the corruption of #doj in her book  "" licensed to lie . "" "" watch now : """
" lol coming from the idiot with a racist vice mayor who  "" hates white people . "" "" opinion discarded . please kill yourself """
" look up  "" the poorest white town "" "" in america . they had not had a murder in ten year """
" most papers have a  "" race reporter "" "" whose job it is to find white racism / black victimization in everythi """
" only one real american there  "" you're white you idiot . "" "" what a woman . hope she is a breeder . """
" ooo   "" nationalism "" "" ... oooo ... """
" ostara's new album  "" paradise down south "" "" is available for pre-order from itunes  and will be released on tuesday  ... """
" please define  "" conservative "" "" for me . none of us really know what that even means to people """
" religious freedom starts with the words of jesus christ.if you follow christ there's nothing to  "" protect "" "" he is stronger . """
" rt  "" conservative "" "" in the us means classical liberal . it's weird . my view is actually closer to "" "" conservatism "" "" in the real sense """
" rt #germany : #merkel today at her election campaign in #torgau . citizens shouted :  "" merkel must go "" ""  "" "" go away "" ""  loud catcalls and booed ! """
" rt ... will be zeroed down to  "" give them time "" "" must be prepared to face anti national forces ... """
" rt : americans who  "" study  invent  and contribute to our culture "" "" can't find jobs or pay rents #jobsnotamnesty #sotu """
" rt : which islamic sect represents  "" true islam "" "" ? ? """
" rt mentioning an entity like  "" white christian america "" "" without the requisite tone of contempt or shame is needless to say highly suspicious . """
" rt proud to live in a country where an undocumented gay filipino can make a film for called  "" white people "" "" : """
" rt take a deep breath . rt : here's the #walterscott video ( us white cop hunting black kids ) #adl  "" """
" rt the emerging mainstream media created the sin of of  "" racism "" "" in the late 1930s and early 1940s """
" rt the sequel to sixth sense ...  "" i see racist people ... and they don't know they're racist ! "" "" """
" so much for  "" independent "" "" journalism . way to give the domestic terrorists antifa the ol ' reach around . #corruption """
" that doesn't mean that an irishman 500 years ago understood himself to be  "" european "" "" or of the "" "" white race . "" "" get it ? ! """
" the vast majority of hispanics are non-white . most  "" white hispanics "" "" don't consider themselves hispanic . """
" there's  "" infighting in the alt-right "" "" ? well that's certainly news to me . how do these journos get such leads ? """
" thinking thats a plausible future for all people and not just  "" white "" "" people is unintelligent . """
" this is from  "" the nordic truth "" "" ... from china . it is very real . #thenordictruth #ufo #filmfootage #real #truth """
" this is so unislamic - -  "" no compulsion in religion "" "" quran 2:256 - #sharia gives freedom of religion """
" u shld see my convo w / him  he's a racist pos  hates poor whites  refers 2 birth of white kids as  "" whelping "" "" """
" uk's guardian :  "" for decades  western men have hijacked the language of women's liberation to justify their isl ... """
" ur just upset because ur  "" followers "" "" r only a fraction of the amount of followers they have . stfu  racist morons . """
" where racism is allowed :  "" white people should leave zimbabwe "" "" says president mugabe va #waronwhites """
" why did you say   "" white "" "" nationalist ? """
" ww2 wallet  "" unknown "" "" skin """
" yes  he did . i saw the video of him where he said   "" kkk  neo-nazis  white supremacists and other hate groups ... "" "" """
" yes . but part of the message might be  "" this is what identity politics looks like when the other side en """
" you're aware that  "" european "" "" isn't a coherent culture  right ? have any of you ever been to europe ? """
#alwaystrump because he isn't a puppet of sheldon adelson
#bangladesh pol arrested for offending muslims #islam #islamophobia #tcot #antimuslim
#confederatestatuesdemocrats suddenly upset about monuments to racist democratserected by racist democratsallowed to stand under obama
#newsnation pm modi to address annual gala of usibc next month
#refugee crisis dovetails into #immigration debate via
#religion of #peace ? : why #christianity is and #islam isn't by robert spencer via
#trump hotels will be closed  that's for sure . since he hires so many . so does half his cabinet apparently . #ourrevolution
% of remaining delegates trump must win for 1237 : - if cruz takes all wi delegates : 59 % - if they split : 57 % - if trump takes all : 54 %
& fought the #hhsmandate in court . has the story @ 6 & 9 & 2et .
& the opinion of the majority is more important than sappy emotional pleas by extreme minority groups . no means no !
' holocaust ' debate / comments / news miracle that saved girl from auschwitz gas chamber : seriously  some of ...
' holocaust ' debate / comments / news ursula haverbeck sentenced to 11 months : ursula haverbeck has been sen ...
* straight white able-bodied children
.  only 2 types of people support : 1 ) racist  right-wing evangelical christians & 2 ) zionists . which are you ?
. joins to discuss the #altright free speech rally  political violence  and censorship .
. speaking now at #prolifecon : #whywemarch
. this is a fundraiser for and the - not a true concern about being #firedforfaith #march4marriage
... a bunch o white sheriffs . what a surprise .
... except if you're a white christian heterosexual because we hate you
100 % agreed & u are not racist
3 ) what's said is that the ted cruz southern baptist type denied it at first  rejected the idea  but ...
4 out of 5 white brits want less immigration via
8) a good summary of the un #syria report on #yazidi genocide  from
: . files opening brief w / #scotus on behalf of jack phillips of masterpie ...
: 2008 law does not excuse #bordercrisis . potus could reverse the surge right now via
: : courts will not have final say on #marriage on today's #marriage rulings .
: al-qaeda calls american blacks to jihad via
: antifa is going to pikeville ? are they nuts ? !
: as for him who lacks the courage to defend even his own soul : let him not brag of his progressive view let him say
: donald trumps backslide on immigration angers base  does no good with hispanics
: fiorina dares clinton  obama to watch planned parenthood videos #gopdebate
: he's right : why do we ? so white liberals can feel moral superior to white conservatives as usa becomes colony o
: i just heard white christmas playing and realized the liberals and #blm must hate it since it contains their
: i love being white it's the best and i can't say that without being racist either
: icymi : : every 21 minutes our next possible leader is aborted #prolife
: jihad against civilians is condemned  but jihad against israel is a duty for any ci ...
: lutherans  amish and baptists are not blowing up malls and shooting people in clubs . i'm sorry to say .
: optics and tactics via
: the chief rabbi of nyc all but supported the south during the civil war . early us jews were right wing . jewish
: this is thee reason people want licensed weapons ! can you imagine a gang surrounding your home with no polic
: unfortunately libnuts and rinos have no moral compass and don't care .
: via : n . j . muslim group sues nypd to stop routine counterterror efforts #tcot
: via egypt : brotherhood tries to disrupt presidential elections  so far 20 arrested #
: we can't convince most whites now & we'll probably never convince your mom  but so what ? we
: wh official flies to oklahoma city to read special thank-you note from obama to beheader's mosque
: you are right . antifa has no respect for law or the rights of others .
; divinity alum a #championforchrist in action . #religiousfreedom #1stamendment
> milo invited to the wh press briefing > he's led to a dark room > a sudden flash blinds him > his eyes focus > it's pence > it was all a trap
> she thinks jews aren't next in line after whites are gone
a brief look at your page signifies to me you are a typical right wing white
a warning to your fellow #antifa resistors .
aap volunteer action manch ( avam ) questions #aamaadmipartys funding . #decisiondelhi
absolutely . it is doing as what is in the koran .
action report : return to charlottesville
adolf hitler school for friendship and tolerance is among names suggested for texas school | via
ah  so you have a thing about white jews . how sad for you .
ahem ahem  gona do anything to anon ?
alabama doesn't need . time to #defundpp & redirect taxpayer $ to the 234 better health care alternatives
all muslims are political . do you ever read any of the links from ? or
all must remember  is desh ki shaan hain .. india is proud of him .
all these people ( mostly white males )  who feel insecure and threatened because they now have to share with other cultures  races  sexes etc .. you cant stop multiculturalism ... 5-6 billion non white people now  you cant kill them all .
all white people should look at this video - - now
also keeps you off your phone  less dicking around
alt-right was invented by richard spencer . milo was never a part of the alt-right . he is a cultural libertarian .
altright is all white supremacy . you don't want to live in a country where whites are not supreme .
america will be safe when trump out the white house lol yes
american libertarianism  more or less  collapsed after 2012 . these people are irrelevant again .
and because they don't wear diapers  but they should . watch a dog pee : is antifa any different ? marking their area ?
and his dogs puppies were also shot by the man hitler employed to be hitler's dog handler ? ever so slightly controversial
and more people have died of starvation then that so i still wonder if you have a point  you are all over the place ..
and those who are too stupid to realize or care are also not people you want .
and us jews of european ancestry ? we can join too i presume . i'm joining . i'll see ya over there !
and whites are supposed to run this country ? i'm white  but who gave us this right ?
and why do you think people who love in white neighborhoods are more racist ?
another great #talkshow episode yesterday ! thanks for all the positive support : #education #politics
another obese  grinning  white knighting #cuckservative
antifa = false name for fascist  sponsored by soros
antifa are the real confederates .
antifa would have to pay the termination fees for verizon to even consider it .
any reason at all to kill daca is a good one ! ! !
anyone that thinks this is a one-off can see for themselves that these hoaxes happen all the time
anything with dark and white seems to be racist or associated with racism these days .. wonder how liberals feel about hersheys dark white chocolate swirls . that's racist wouldn't you say ? and we won't even discuss cotton socks and tee shirts  my bvds total racist
apparently you didn't see bh leader proclaim he will sale girls in the name of allah
are you a german or a jew ?
are you an ex gay ?
are you sure the guy with the flamethrower was not arrested ?
as far as we know  suspect is local  and fayetteville is not close to las vegas . what people ar
atheism is a jewish concept via
attendees were so nice and respectable ! maga
attention : pl . read this important analysis by
audio : joins ww guest host to talk about the russian jet that was shot down over turkey .
back in the 70s they'd rob banks and bomb people . what now ? thugging on twitter as a movie character
bannon is in the corner writing speeches for the rubes while reince fills the cabinet full of cucks and globalists .
based on media response  people have no problem figuring it out
be blessed ? i'm white . you're rabidly anti-white . is this that reverse psychology stuff
because shooting 500 people would definitely not be an indicator of that .
because they would call a white woman racist
best idea i have heard from a senator in 6 months
bill clinton yelled at black people so why isn't the media calling him a racist ? oh yeah liberals only feel republicans are racist .
bjp will get 30 seats in bihar .
black demokkkrats are racist too . they bet not ever accuse republicans of being racist again
black rioters targeting and beating up white people . smh
blacks protest and it's good for the country and for civil rights whites protest and it's a racist riot and evil only if needed
blogger hunter wallace spells out his core beliefs : #teaparty #tcot #lnyhb #p2
blue eyed devils - white victory ! ! via
boston : strict gun control  large black population  liberal  harvard  mit  kennedyville  loves antifa ... what could go wrong ?
brad your battle is lost there is no white vs black we are all in this together now #unity #equality
breaking : new morningconsult pollnational trump 49 % cruz 28 % kasich 10 %
bring back huac rt : you can be racist all you want but socialism is another beast
britain's labour party expels activist over holocaust denial
britains extremist bloggers helping the alt-right go global  report finds
british tourists attacked by arab men in same cologne square as new years migrant attacks
build a wall around the morons who think trump is doing a job ... love people who can't critically think
but the europeans were falsely representing christianity and white people  like isis is falsely representing islam
but we got the permits and made sure there was no fire damage .
but we know what many europeans and white americans are doing today sir ... it's right here .
can i join y'all clan my mom do not care
can i join your black ops clan ?
can't say they're pro-white when they libel pro-white activists who have been around longer than them .
chaos at the white house !
china will join the tpp  rand #gopdebate
color doesn't matter . there are many white jihadists .
congress  bjp  #girirajsingh  #jeetanmajhi & #paswan should give their certificate of support to #misabharti as next cm
cruz is a double-talking scumbag  but we knew that already .
cuck : free trade isnt a burden  its a blessing and an opportunity for american industry via
cuck knight was on local news this morning def . not alt right .
culture created by white people .
currently no antifa or league of the south present here in murfreesboro tn .
cuz i'm white  the same qualified non-white competing for the same job may lose out to me becuse the employer is racist .
deadlift floor area with deadlift bar so the knurling doesn't rip the skin off my legsthe rack that is not adjustable  not sure the name
definitely a white supremacist .
definitively  there is no racism against white people .
democracy is the tyranny of the majority . considering the iq of the masses  a far
do u white people have empathy ?
do we need names in the name of invaders and iconoclast who destroyed hindu temples and killed many ? why not change ?
do you focus the same on white / christian peodos ?
do you have a problem with a white person who doesn't hate themselves ?
do you teach white children
donald trump and white nationalists via
dr3 fail : texas southern activists ' no platform ' us sen . cornyn via
dude  pointing out that the 50s and 60s were racist is not being a racist .
dude i've been to mexico both in the north and south . no one in the states would consider 40 % of mexicans white .
dude you are awesome . not racist at all
elder my man ... you don't look too much like a white supremacist to me ! america loves your perspective  keep on tweeting !
episcopal bishop who divorced his wife to marry his boyfriend claims white america is suffering from hiv of racism
est doesn't want to take cruz down . he's globalist insider . i do find dominionism way off base . lack of discernment
even the gop hates right wing fascist extremacists - that includes alt right .
eventually you hate all people .
every injury  act of property destruction  and shot fired tonight can be laid at the feet of the mainstream media . #ferguson
everyone is racist . the problem is only some people are * allowed * to be racist .
evil mt : wow . fda moving toward ok for 3 - parent embryos  via #tcot
evropa cites the national policy institute  another white supremacist group on their own site :
except there are no acts of terror attributed to them  while white supremacists continue to kill throughout america . #strawman
exclusively white protesters ? seems a little racist .
experiences of a white teacher in a majority hispanic school  via :
fair .. been a while ! still the same laws . just saying . upheld in court .
fair ? you guys are for white supremacy and eugenics according to wikipedia . u missed that off your cute video
fair immigration is a hate group run by racist white supremacists . check them out . this is one ugly group .
fair migration is a known hate group led by a racist . some members are white supremacists . look into the group . they are nasty .
first day of directors meetings and conferences
florida muslim charged with supporting islamic state  lawyer says he just had some strange ... via
for ages the mormon church stated black ppl were cursed by god . many white nationalist church believe in white purity . can they discriminate
for black history month  white nationalists plan white consciousness via
for indians is hero  hindus are law abiding citizens and progressive & modern in thinking
for the times  it's a catchall for simply ' white ' .
frc praises the house for defunding planned parenthood and obama health law #fb
frcs discusses why jihadists want to take away freedom of speech . panel : 11:30  canal a & c . #proclaim16
free publicity where they lie about you actually makes more ppl interested ... nice going antifa
free speech is not for everyone : sylvia stolz has been jailed again for questioning the holocaust via
freedom of speech goes both ways . some 1 speaks . some 1 else either agrees or disagrees
from a reliable source i came to know that now west bengal has 37 % muslim voters . difficult 2 believe for me . but common people too think so
fun fact about fair - they're a designated hate group with disturbingly frequent white supremacist ties and activities .
fyi  this is a racist account pretending to be a jew to defame jews .
gay pride want to be accepted but are racist against jewish people ? can't make this stuff up .
german refugee camps close to breaking point squalor  food limited  whistle blowers sacked or threatened #rtnews
germany police calling for racial separation of foreign
girl  sure you can wait & must  coz your allah haven't yet decided whether to made 72 male virgin raisins for your martyrdom .
go fight in your own city . you don't get to tell us what monuments we have to keep . it's our city . we get to celebrate our way .
golden dawn first with 555 % on the athens municipality | read more : via
good read hunter
great . just reported on that many people who supported are now supporting me . i knew that would happen  pundits didn't !
great interview . you are the best voice jared . keep making sure more people hear your arguments . more women too . :)
great little video from one of my heroes ! #waffenss #meinkampf #14words #mondaymotivation #brexit
great read from rt : fact checking the fact checker #prolife
great that there is white women like you .
hahaha  you all hide behind police and cry when when people are mean to you . and you have the nerve to call others cucks .
have you guys ever drawn a swastika and turned it into a crooked window by filling in the blanks ? it's a really cool art project .
he is a white man
he targeted a race of humanity and spoke of aryan race . he could hsve chose not kill these ppl but he didn't . he wanted to kill them .
he was not very brilliant  why delhi voted for him was due to bizarre combination of situations it seems .
he's still a racist and so are u .
he's white enough to touch the jq .
heidi cruz argues forcefully for trade authority  something her husband opposes via
here is the evidence of aap supporting separatist resolutions of sarbat khalsa .
here's a kkk account pls take it down
hey we're r the white girls
highlighting the importance of extending marriage to lesbians .
hindus have historically welcome jews and india remains committed to protect jews . they have a second home in india . it is our priority .
his first allegiance will be to other rich people  because * those * are his people  not some local guy like you .
his time had come  he started to criticize white identity more and more
hitler did the same thing to demonize christians and white people
holding a job shouldn't mean having to live under your employer's faith !
honest inquiry for the  do you hate all non-white races equally ? i seriously like the compassion displayed towards animals  though .
houston sermons are  legally speaking  fair game #4houston5
how can congress protect #religiousliberty in the hhs mandate ? shares tomorrow . #hobbylobbyday
how ignorant do you have to be to think something practiced hundreds of years ago by everyone around the world can be pinned on a single race ? the ottomans enslaved white people  where's my reparations ?
how many jews are condemning israeli / us mass murder by iron bombs  155mm artillery  white phosphorus  dime munitions ...
how many people lost their lives because of your foreign policy insights ? how many trillions of dollars was squandered ?
how trump empowers white supremacists and jihadis alike via
howard university  lol
hunter wallace protected his tweets .
i am a democrat and most importantly strongly against racism and white supremacy will you say you also are against white suoremacy too ?
i am really really quick but do have a bit of a glow from my #holidays  can i still run in the white race ?
i can tell you myself among many white nationalists don't hate anyone . we're aware to the fact that humans are different among race .
i could even be a palestinian jew
i could see that possibly because they are his feelings  but his underlying hate and resentment of white folks is extremely obvious and in turn his sheep followers feel its appropriate to view white people that way  sad
i do lots to attack leftists who espouse multi-culturalism  & hate whites . but i'd be a hypocrite to sa
i do wish they'd come to a really southern state ! #antifa #maga #suckitsnowflakes
i don think so  that would be you . cause u think most white folks are suspected white supremacist . and i support as do you ? or do u support the kkkillary ? ?
i don't know  i kind of like black people .
i don't know which is more pathetic the banner you put up or the quality of those photos you took . it's 2017  get rid of your flip phone and don't use your dirty sheets to make banners . it does embody the commie scum thing you got going . so theres that ..
i don't think so . it was probably to make the point that antifa are violent . he succeeded
i don't think white pride is racism . i'm just fighting the rising tide  that happens to hate me based on race .
i dont think many people in europe care about the confederacy  we have our own rich history .
i guess we going to act white on white violence is not a major issue in america
i have white girl perkies
i love you jared
i see an indian and at least 3 jews  i wonder if they too are white supremacists
i see ur black - and i'm proud you stick up for truth . there's no making injustice - justice ... whether you're black or white . i'm white .
i sent channel 2 atlanta your way . did you do the interview ?
i spent my entire life being told racist whites hold back black people  who are just like us but we keep them from acivieving like us . lies .
i support the pastors and the constitution . parker and her regime should be forced to resign . they are bad for our city .
i suspect jesus is maybe more lied about
i told alot of people to not support trump but they don't care only if he builds the wall
i wasn't  lol  all of them white elitist organizations just using fake race wars to destroy middle class & enslave us all again !
i would support equity in a white #ethnostate . #altright via
i wrote this article for suspected white supremacists just like the two of you ... the white dilemma a good day ma'am .
i'll be sure to contact him know as his constituent i urge him to not vote yes on any budget that allots funds to wall .
i'm actually pro-merit . and if white people are the superior race you think they are they should have no problem fending off all these supposed incursions . and if they can't  well i guess they weren't that superior  right ?
i'm looking for the kool kids klub
i'm not a big fan of kelli ward . blackburn and hawley are good . prince ... i'm not too sure about that one .
i'm not anti white  though i do find it funny that you consider my genes not worth preserving when all i have seen is overweight  unhealthy  and litteraly mentality of a screw driver of white dudes crying over our white race it's pathetic
identity evropa activists had a successful day at the university of montana .
identity evropa activists in washington  d . c . spent the day flyering our nation's capital .
identity evropa is an american based  identitarian organization dedicated to educating and promoting diaspora european solidarity . join now !
idk why ppl who love cats are so hated by the alt right  but  it makes me want to embrac
if he loses it is because of you malicious #antitrumpers and the scum media .
if the enemies of the sa are hoping that the sa will not return from leave  we are ready to let them enjoy the hope for a short time #nazi
if they're perfectly capable of taking care of themselves then why do these cities need the feds ?
if you don't think that bungling a public relations message is black pilling to the broader movement and people still lurking online  i don't know what to tell you .
im saying that given his campaign speeches / comments  taken holistically  one wouldnt be l
in both stories  why did school officials censor only religious activities ?
india ( population 1328 million  2016 gdp growth +7.5 % says imf  gdp larger than italy's ) wants a post-brexit free trade deal with the uk .
india should not just pak boycott of commonwealth meet  india should get out of the defunct organisation altogether .
indian railways : mission electrification to cover 24000 km track in 5 nmapp
interfered in their elect and inserted yeltsin  that the real numbers showed that communist party won and victory shld had gone 2 zyuganov
is it racist if the muslim is white ?
is it true that hitler is secretly chillin on the moon ?
is there a new discord for the south west of the united states ?
is this the gathering of racist homophobes ?
is time to stop this organizations of hate !
it certainly does for me . it's sad & bad enough that our colleges r being ruined by pc  i'm pleased that mr . trump still respects military .
it is a human right  for every man to have his own people and identity . for white and black alike !
it seems that has a longer  & more exotic  target list than does the !
it wouldn't change your views . white nationalist don't want me here and i'm from this country . i have d
it's important to point out that #roymoore lost because paul ryan's agenda energized black voters  many of whom were voting for their livelihood . furthermore  ryan's agenda suppressed the white vote because impoverished whites chose to stay home .
its a white guy
its not just about one race  but the fact of the matter is black people are being killed at a higher rate by police than white people  even when many times none of them are doing anything wrong .
jack donovan drops corporate #redpill
jeb bush = the white obama .
jew - ' froot ' by marina and the diamonds parody
jewish holocaust skeptic david cole breaks years of silence at revisionist meeting in california via
joined the programme to mark the 50th anniversary of the delhi high court . congratulated everyone associated with the court over the years .
joining on #dcwatchlive tonight are rabbi jonathan cahn & . live conversation at 5pm et :
judges  lawyers  cops  domestic violence programs r #stealing federal title iv & vawa funding that's why they help
just who do you think hunter wallace is ?
keep texas strong and safe
kim davis attending #sotu jailed over gay marriage via
labelling a black man black white man white asian man yellow mexican a brown man only creates more racial tension .. we are all just people
lets keep it real ! more americans die from domestic white terrorists than any immigrant here in america ! from any country wakeup usa
lewis is another racist liar
like i told you earlier  it is not about trump . it is about destroying mainstream conservatism
like the dickens rt i'm confused by the . didn't hitler hate communism ?
like the people who took part in the confederate summer of 2015 . actual southern normies .
listen there are 175000 white christians in america .. our us constitution stands . no islam
listen to the trump song on youtube by jeannie jones in 2016 . i predicted he would win and jumpstart the 2nd industrial revolution with unprecedented economic growth ! it is silly though .
live : oregon militia leaders to address press on occupation #oregonstandoff
live on #periscope : tune-in : we're laying out our immigration reform blueprint for trump's transition at the nation
lol maga is dead . civic nationalism is dead because it cannot produce results . everything is about demographics now .
look around  more may be found .
look how antifa got mocked by the normies on auburn's campus . they ignored spencer and ridiculed antif
looking for neo-nazis ? there's an app for that ! #swrm #nazis via
lots of poor white people disdain dependency and aspire to emulate successful people .
ludicrous considering i am white .
man is seriously racist  dont waste your time
manifesto for the abolition of enslavement to interest on money by gottfried feder . now available . #economics #history
many are asking me - are you joining aap ? problem is that many top leaders of aap are corrupt.if i join aap i'll have to praise the corrupt !
meanwhile you support the zionist state who ethnically cleanse the indigenous population.you support white supremacy .
merry white christmas !
might want to have me on so we can have the whole manlete nationalism crew
milo is all about becoming famous.he used gamergate and alt-right to achieve this.thats fine but some of us have political goals
missed jews from the netherlands after world war ll : as promised  here ...
missouri man plotted to kill obama with informant posing as white supremacist : feds
more ' witnesses ' prove the holocaust : just when my belief in the religion of the holocaust was waning  and i w ...
more bannon hit jobs . getting that scumbag out of the white house seems to have been a lucky day for america .
most white people also hate nazis but wow here you are
most white people are able to compete in an egalitarian society  so racist dum
mt : if you missed on the radio yest  audio w / latest on lawsuit against wa florist & #splc up now :
murray can't forgive himself for coauthoring the bell curve and helping create the alt-right
muslim hate speech alert - coke is racist via
my book is available at  international postage available . download on amazon kindle
my house was tped . possible it wasn't antifa  but likely .
nah  part of movement conservatism was invoking a vague non-denominational christianity that was pro-life
nah i got no hatred for anyone but i do recognize the damage of white supremacy and how it leads to white extremism when left unchallenged
natalie portman tells jews to stop talking about the holocaust so much | full story :
national review : white working class communities ' morally indefensible ... they deserve to die ' #tcot #wtf
national socialist party is committed 2create new generation of highly educated #indians by making all education free
national socialist party pays homage to all dead indians of 26/11 terror attacks in mumbai in 2008
nato exists to counter russian aggression and is necessary . europe is outnumbered . #tcot #nrx #altright
new black panther leaders agitating in south africa and zimbabwe via #sa #savetheboer
newsflash ! talented tenth ingrate doesn't like white people via
next thing you know he'll complain about how unfair it is being a white dude in america .
no just white .
no more all white europe .
no racist but you are a loser !
no the has done that not we really don't need any more bs piled on by
no white
nobody's advocating for this on the alt-right . you've been misinformed .
non-white candidate for london mayor : there are too many white men | read more : via #wr
nope . but i'm real sure he doesn't do just 5x5 . lemme ask . what's the recommended meso cycle for 5x5 ?
nor do they think your white
not going to happen they're alt right neocons now . that's where the money is . alex jones follows the money .
not once has trump ever thanked or even acknowledged the white people who put him in office . only praises non-white supporters .
not sure . room looks like it could be a city council set-up
nothing says white supremacy quite like an edgy race mixing libertarian .
notice one white kills one white and its pandemonium on the left ! south side chicago ?
noticed you've been dabbling in race realism a bit . you might like the content of jared taylor of
now that the statue is down i'm sure the murder rate in will go down drastically
now tht vinod binny hs taken on arvind kejriwal  wait fr him tobe branded as most dishonest  greedy politician.btw  he started mohalla sabhas
obama admin is opening up shelter in tucson for illegal alien minors #bordercrisis
of course  they are all white.and guess who they don't want in their counties ? ... mexicans ! can't he more racist than that .
of course ! how dare he try to escape from their slavery for the democrats !
of course it's there in black and white - you can't deny it . #marref
of course race is sociological  not biological concept . we once considered the irish & italian not white
oh - i see ur not russian - just white nationalist - bye
oh . latinos are now in africa especially in equatorial guinea .
oh boy here comes the insults . white advocacy makes some people reeaaallly angry  wonder why ?
oh cool . he finally called them white supremists ? thats good ! progress !
oh shame on me for pointing out your iq . yeah you're such a victim . lmao
oh yeah . bring your guy's : two white racist scumbags . praise the lord .
on the eve of what is a very scary time for many of us . why are you allowing white nationalist to promote hate ?
once regime change is off the table and possible war with russia  we can argue the fine points of nationalism another day .
onion muncher should move to the us to work for his buddies at gay hate front  alliance defending freedom
only silly white people care about such things .
oprah scholarship recipient and hate crime victim revealed to be white via
or anyone can be american . the most useless and empty thing in the world . a non identity . rootless .
or just watch videos of angry white racist men marching around a statue in the dark . hate and racism is what's wrong and only love will heal it .
orban : hungary is a refuge for white europeans
our history  good and bad are the monuments
our president needs to sue her and gloria allred !
pakistan : jihadis threaten to kill lawyer  witness in trial of ... #islam #islamophobia #tcot
people already naturally separate  for better or worse . that's natural.but  enforcing it or enshrining it into law is bad for cultures ( including white ) and bad for the economy .
people should just start posting archived tweets
peter townsend's ; questioning islam is another good one .
pl . note central agencies will soon arrest ali anwar  jdu mp and all his #criminals
please provide an example of a racist comment by robert spencer.you can't . he's never said anything racist !
pm modi needs to keep this in mind instead of appeasing blindly in the hope of social harmony .
poland is one of the last remaining white ethnostates .
political figures involved with the #kkk #opkkk #hoodsoff
politicians are chosen by the public . don't blame the kkk if ferguson doesn't vote
portland  too  advised charlottesville of the importance of keeping the two sides separated on august 12th . this was also ignored
president trump picks pro-life champion sam brownback as international religious freedom ambassador #liberty
probably cause their pos gov is antifa supporter  ...
protect our dignity  ban polygamy  say indian muslim women to pm
protests at state capitol over white supremacy & communism via
putin discusses white genocide
race mixing ? only if you think anti-western means anti-white supremacy .
racial identity  and its hostilities  are on the rise in american politics
really ? so the jews are masterminding immigration policies in order to wipe out white people ?
republicanism has always been about suppression of white ethno-natioanalism
retweeted american renaissance ( ): twas the night before twitter began its great purge  and each ...
retweeted elder lansing ( ): it's called the white house not the white supremacist ...
richwine  continued : district of corruption check out these three news items : 1 . ) jared taylor mocks the gutle ...
rj sharp has hate in his heart . he's to be petted . not liking trump doesn't make him a white supremacist . but believing he is makes you a fool
rt 11am at house triangle #prolife members & groups will call for end to #obamacare funding of abortion :
rubio happens to be right about background checks and fun shows #gopdebate
safety crisis : planned parenthood in st . louis hospitalizes 65th patient from botched abortion .
same here bro ! i'm called a white racist everyday because i support trump even though i'm black ! conservatives are now called nazi's !
say you had an enemy who was moderately clever and totally shameless ; wouldn't they tell you that their enemy was your enemy ? #maga
scum like the southern  dixie  racist white trash we've been arguin w / right here ! that y agree  time 2block
seem its going to be even more hellish in future .. they have nukes ... that's real issue
selfish ? the us  and white people in general  are the most charitable and giving people on earth .
senator brown ain't 4the people he's 4hisself & the liberal communist cause . the sooner u realize dat da sooner u wil get yer pitchfork & march
sh manmohan singh ji  having presided over monumental mismanagement for 10 years resulting in the present situation 1 /
shame me more  i'm sure at some point it will work  cia pls go
should have on #thisaltrightlife to discuss and the future of the white race . #listens
shut your police station down . all you do is harass your native white citizens while lett
skin titet win hulk our mon was beat da slaves
slavery is treason to white .
smoking has a slow painful end and its not good to fool the people ... technology hinds ones true identitys  lies and games played
so  it's only a hate crime if white people do it ? are they demonstrating a legal precedent to us here ? the same laws apply to all or it means nothing !
so new york  and all of america should be white to stop the crime right ?
so the white nationalists are freakingthefuckout over my anti video ...
so uci specializes in hating the jewish state people risk their lives to get to ?
so why didn't you oppose the saudi hate preacher who wants kill you too
sounds good to me . these people are vicious racist trolls .
southern nationalists cannot continue to look to federal leaders to save our ideals south has carried g
stay away from self-identifying white nats  fuentes .
still not sure why that account hasn't been banned .
stop using her name to push your racist agenda . with you thought process all white should be sent away because of the vegas guy .
strict measures have to be taken because black money is stashed in more than 70 countries : baba ramdev
surely you don't just want to use marxism to deconstruct just the white race ?
suspected white supremacists r using white nationalists websites to get crime pseudo data
take a deep breath porky - the last thing the alt right needs is another heart attack on its conscience
tea party is bald-faced racists  white privilege conference speaker tells sea of white people via
texas doesn't need planned parenthood . #defundpp
thank you cm kcr  for the kind words .
thanks for proving our point for us . white identity = hate to these people which only proves they hate us .
thanks for sharing our alert to contact sec . hagel to protect religious expression of servicemembers !
that and what culture there is  is a bunch of self-hating white new englanders and left coast radical
that doesn't matter  look at what has happened  and look at people trying to undo the damage .
that is funny ... because what you call integrity  i call low iq bs . same for antifa  etc . it is part of
that you're a white nationalist
that's a 50 % loss of white country .
that's how you know we're talking to the right people .
that's what i guessed earlier . i think wn means different things to different people .
thats cool . im sure the french and brits will be just fine if you stay in tennessee . beijos . xx
the alt left arrives - rep . tulsi gabbard via
the alt-right and white supremacy via
the answer is that we have been in relative decline for the past 50 years #gopdebate
the biggest treasonous criminal in america is squatting in the white house trying to get us all killed
the choice : continue loosing campaigns in which your rights are eroded with every scotus pick for the crime of being white or find allies .
the covetous of marxists is endless and delusional .
the deliberate dumbing down of america . great video ( with a couple small errors ) . #youtube #education #justice
the dying towns all across america  the crumbling infrastructure  people out of work - all is okay because of bread / circuses .
the fact that 50 + % already support our practical positions but only 10 % support the alt right brand mea
the fawning drooling msm will engage in massive wankerthon during their hero's gtfo speech
the free ex claim requires messy analysis under smith / lukumi & it would potentially extend protection to the pizza guy . fr sp narrows case
the gop is part of it . we just need god . god has chosen trump . trust me on that one . god told name twice before he was elected . not kidding .
the great tangerine hitler ? no thanks .
the hate group has an ugly track record and was founded by a white nationalist . take action .
the hypocrisy of helping the poor : travel writer tours the deep south
the india with which rajdeep identifies himself was given birth in 1947 by nehru.so he knows not about our 10000 yrs
the leaders who would import the ugliest most twisted people on the planet  to intermingle with the most
the less control they have ... the easier our memes become more than dreams !
the medias stupid trump obsession #cuckservative via
the mexican flag - of course !
the nation started the trend . daily stormer had an article on it . they were normalizing antifa .
the national enquirer is far from the only news outlet with info on #tedcruzsexscandal . i personally know many people w / lots more info
the nyt of white nationalism ? ! is cuckservative the new  hip racial slur for white nationalists ?
the only people protesting fascism are  perhaps unsurprisingly  those who embody the most indelible proof of its necessity !
the only support you receive comes from bots . you're a hate group  dividing americans and trading in fear . i pray you fail.hate you're here
the people who are disaffected . they wouldnt be disaffected if they were happy . hunter said it himself !
the political class is vast majority white ... and owned by rich white people ...
the poor lil white boy school of conservativism
the realist report dr . matthew raphael johnson
the realist report mike king
the reeds trusted god to use their ministry  and were a part of their historic victory at the supreme court !
the twisted world of reza aslan via #tcot
the unstable alliance of nationalists and mainly jewish oligarchs in the ukraine
the white man takes over
the white race are not the racist its aclu that's racist ! whites died to stop slavery ! we fought our countrymen in the bloodiest battle ever
the white supremacy of ingesting wholemilk
then u totally avoided the question . y dont u support putin who is doing so much work to morally & spirituallystrengthen the white race ?
there is no population problem in the us and europe among whites .
there is plenty of evidence for racial differences in mental functions . those differences are not huge  but they exist .
there's many worse options  that's for sure .
these godless demon-crats make me sick . they will be judged ! we have to stand strong for what is right  god will get us there !
these left wing anarchists are the new klan . all democrats know is hate and violence . you are truly sick ma'am
these liberals need to respect and obey our countries laws . this is ridiculous !
they are a malignant people  slowly removing their blighted presence from the earth .
they hate white men .
they want to punish all white people for the few in the us who owned slaves .
they will out themselves in due time and people will move on . insulting and mocking in
this is interesting  people need to take responsibility
this is promoted by  which has many ties to white supremacist hate groups #stopsanctuarycities
this is very sad status ! ! ! and our newly appointed bjp govt.must address and sort it out this issue ! !
this is very ugly . just admit you hate white people . the only people who are socially con
this is white heritage . honor it
this is why we must never give up our firearms.the people of britain are unarmed against a government that hates them .
this should frighten everyone ! meat plant raises the steaks for freedom :
thnx to and for joining #dcwatchlive last night :
those people almost forgot that kaffir is actually not insult . now that's kind of funny . i wonder what
those who hv declined modi invitation without valid reason need to know modi has a very good memory .
thought the lincoln memorial rally was a success and set a precedent . paul is a wet rag .
thy r not hindus  thy kill and kill mercilessly
to end racism we tried to send white people back to europe #whisky
tomo kejriwal will wave papers & say jaitley too is corrupt.during upa regime he listed 15 corrupt ministersthen formed govt wid same cong
too days in one ! wooo ! i could have run another 2 miles . thanks and the whole #liftwaffe for supporting people getting their bodies sorted out . now with 100 % less box jumps because they didn't have the boxes !
totally false narrative . plus he killed 9 people . this shooting could
trophies :) tennessee #antifa burned a white nationalist flag found at racist #amren conference . nice job ! !
trucons lament the rise of white identity politics : then they fight you
true . i used to be * gags * libertarian  then i was * throws up a little * #altlight * vomits violently * . no
trump is a moderate . we need more ruthless people in congress . trump won't even put a immigration ban on right now ! sad !
trump is the greatest . hes blowing up the conservatism of the past 15 years .
trump leans pro-white .
trump's a doofus . he should've known if he disavowed us the media would continue to pedal that he didn '
tuesday's washington update article from : #ccot #prolife #profamily #1m1w #marriage #praytoendabortion
two or more white people gathering makes the little marxists nervous .
ugh ! the south ! just when you think they've been lectured sufficiently on the abiding shame of their past  they go and bloc vote for trump .
uk : muslims outraged by question how islamic is islamic state ?
um there is no such thing as white identity . white is not cultural identity
umm  ok . i never said hes a right winger ( at least not in a conservative sense )  i said alt-right . & yes i have heard stuff from him . hes a fraud  w / unrealistic goals
unite the scum of the they have no place in society #equalityforall #lgbt #jewish #muslim #british
until 1950  china had no presence in tibet too . no chinese national highway existed in aksai chin before 1957 #justsaying
us chamber of commerce pres : pass amnesty now before it gets tougher #jobsnotamnesty
using american as a code word for white makes you pretty racist man . sorry .
using white ethnic labels might  german  polish  french  norwegian  italian etc . it means white !
via : obama : i make no apologies for bergdahl prisoner exchange #tcot
viewpoint : make room for pro-life democrats #prolife
voting for or will never make america white again but you keep dreaming
wait  you just liked your own tweet ? oh  man . the white race is in trouble after all .
walking around with torches acting like the kkk is not normal white people stuff . most white people aren't white supremacists .
war that cannot be won.they are in virtually all countries as predicted and will rule the world . more kids more terrorists .
was it moral for white people to be in america at all ? insignificant question as we're here . just like these kids you want to kick out .
watch : houston pastors speak out in support of texas privacy act #sb6 . #protectprivacy #houston5
watch jordan lorence debate rob boston of on #scotus prayer case on
we are the state for white supremacists .
we need to seize the streets . jared  ivanka and their goldman sachs cadre have seized the president's reason .
we r looking fwd to have a peaceful country ! no more demolition of mosques / communal violences ! with u we know growth wil come !
we thank shri for throwing corrupt ap singh out of upsc . now pl . prosecute him and confiscate his illegal wealth
we've never had any problems anywhere in the south
well if anyone knows about racist hate groups its you
well the sharia is the racist totalitarian regime we are trying to stop . will you support us ?
well you are disparaging non white people  but i guess the confusion is that you don't consider them actual people .
what the white south thinks via
when ted cruz wanted to be part of the establishment
when the south is free  we will re-establish the coal industry as a prelude to re-establishing our manufacturing base . - -
when whites try to contol land  labor & resources of non-white nations  that is white supremacy my friend !
while scores are dying in railway accidents bjp government is making bullet train on paper ! !
white boy cartoon = racist
white communities ? !
white evangelicals are feeling hopeful about trump :
white flower ! ! !
white guilt sacrificial lamb
white house : executive amnesty implementation ' well underway ' via #stopexecutiveamnesty
white house : nitpicking over holocaust statement pathetic via
white house punts new travel order to next week via
white house visitor logs show dozens of visits by top abortion activists
white males are not to blame for making our own societies . / 1
white nationalists rally again at charlottesville lee statue via
white ones  i bet .
white people are human so they would be included . you have offered no clarity . i still don't see why the color of human matters .
white people in iowa  and surely white protestants  will not vote for either cuban . #iowa #ia
white people make the best tacos
white peoples are da kewl ones amirite ? ? ?
white power fist t-shirt from the white resister | read more :
white pride worldwide women's tank top | read more : via
white privilege is a myth  i've been discriminated against 4 jobs  housing  education assistance  n welfare because i was white .
white students discouraged from participating in mondays ferguson demonstrations via
white supremacists claim to be the master race while also claiming that jews control everything  blacks
white supremacy doesn't exist .
white supremacy is global where could one go ?
white supremacy is the greatest evil on this earth ... grea
white women loves black men remember that
white workers are just wage slaves .
who are ' whites ' ? i'm a gypsy traveller  and i'm white .
who lost the white working class ? via
who would know more about the threat to white americans than an australian leftist ? certainly not a white american !
why are we letting them ? ? ? these are white liberals that are doing this ?
why are you defending nazi's i understand there are some white people that don't like m
why are you so invested in denigrating this simple memorial ?
why can't you just admit that you want trump to bring race-based welfare-statism to the white working class ? it's what you want .
why do you hate black people ? why can't we just forget about racism because it is very childish . i'm more mature and i'm only 14 .
why do you not allow ns or fascist in your ranks ? condemning smart and fashy pro whites is weak .
why do you want to exploit the race you claim to love ? white men shouldn't exploit white women ... shame on you .
why don't you like black people isn't it very harsh and racist please think about this
why is amren tweet quoting cernovich ? cernovich is not anti white but he is neutral white .
why shouldn't the people who live in that region dominate it .
will the president invite brittany to the white house for a meet and greet and a biden grope ? no  im
will you be joining us at the next american renaissance conference in 2017 ?
with logic  even dadri was a criminal act and not communal . why different yard stick ?
would be much more impressive if it included freedom to hold a doctrine which differed from yours  ton . #istandsunday
would not be to start with without whites . do you want to go backwards ?
wow ! and here we was giving them so much respect this whole time . i feel betrayed . no more mr nice guy ! #maga #jesussaves
wow . white privilege is another created liberal term to try to divide americans .
wrong tariq ! white people are told to shut up & accept how evil we are ! if we protest we are vilified as racist bigots ! screw you ! stop ! !
ya i get it .. racist
yashwant sinha even wanted to become cm of jharkhand depriving tribals of their right to have a st cm . such opportunists made mockery of bjp
yea ok sure
yes  it is quoted / translated in the second picture . he hates white people  but talks to white racialists ( for subversion ? )
yes i'm russian and 99 % call muslims roaches because putin says that all the time on tv .
you and your hate are not welcome here . we will drive you out . there is no place for white supremacy in the world and especially not msu
you are not altright  but a white advocate ?
you are right  but i was referring to skin only . educated white males + jews are huge majority of political thinkers across the spectrum .
you are trying to save people's lives and they call you a racist ? they need to find jesus .
you aren't taught to hate white people  that's a lie made by uneducated people .
you do realize you are promoting white supremacy to the most diverse campus in the nation right ? what exactly do you hope to achieve here ?
you don't understand how ppl who have openly supported nazi's and kkk are threatening ? not sure anyone can help you .
you drank the kool-aid trump is a racist he hates his followers but he has you all following him like
you got people like weev talking as if he's the most well perceived person in the movement t
you have more racist and words than her
you haven't had much experience with jews  have you ? they themselves say they're not white
you know gene wilder's jewish  right ?
you know the german gov't led by merkel agrees with these anti-german antifas or they'd be arrested .
you must be a racist too going to a summit put on by a hate group gonna make sure you get voted out for not doing your job
you obviously see everything in black and white .
you really hate white people don't you ?
you say racist like its a bad thing . sorry mate  race and racial difference is a fact of life
you're right and it is sad because he is a good man doing a job for america
your founder called for america to remain majority-white . your leaders have entered ice and cpb .
your looking pretty white yourself ... you white supremist you . lol
your people ? your people killed a woman ! !
"  "" : rt : #commoncore : the #government's classroom airs now on #dcwatchlive #radio : #ccss #nrb15 "" "" #tcot """
"  "" i just want the freedom to live and work faithfully ... without fear of punishment . barronelle stutzman  florist """
"  "" identity amvrica "" "" ? i agree  i'm an american  and most of europe is eu globalist garbage now  so i don't identify with europe the way i used to . still happy to see this out  nice work ! """
"  "" it is the people who are at home both nowhere and everywhere ... "" "" """
"  "" jihad will start from here "" "" - auckland man threatens to kill again . """
"  "" muh race "" "" is not an idea  it's a sad slogan for white people who have done nothing to b """
"  "" obama's son "" "" killed brittany watts for being white via """
"  "" the media have chosen not to cover the raise act . this bill is their worst nightmare . "" "" :/ / """
" #feelthebern will be stopped by the black block vote . the people who scream  "" racist "" "" at me will be stopped by black identity politics lol """
" . archbishop chaput threats to #religiousfreedom  "" immediate  serious  and real "" "" """
" : scientific proof that is as much a part of the white  "" race "" "" as """
" > just read  "" the politically incorrect guide to islam and the crusades "" "" - more timely than ever ! read it ! """
" all you have to do to understand  "" race "" "" is to understand evolution . people in different environments around the world were molded by different pressures . that's why there is genetic distance between the races . """
" also   "" nothing more than "" "" makes you seem like a "" "" that one isn't even human "" "" racist . thinly veiled as ever . you can't see your reflection . """
" america is not  "" white people "" "" """
" and if you point it out you are guilty of  "" hate speech "" "" . their motto : "" "" you kill'em . we'll shut'em up . "" "" """
" and many muslims are  "" white "" "" / caucasians . """
" aryan are not white please stop using the word   "" aryan "" "" from sanskrit it is not a white word thank you """
" but  "" deplorables "" "" means white supremacist . """
" but he is one of those  "" white pride "" "" alabamians ! """
" captain bennett ' perhaps southern ' is the proof that there are gis  "" mainly in us army and navy it would seem ' able to think  to have the heart for the people victims of the wars caused by their bosses in washington  new york and brussels """
" ex-neighbor mr segal said  "" people egypt enslaved were arabs "" "" """
" from same ny daily news article u sited :  "" ... stopped black & hispanic drivers are searched more often than whites . but if minorities also happen to carry contraband at higher rates  these higher search rates may stem from appropriate police work  "" "" researchers stated . """
" get  "" white power "" "" ? """
" gore said   "" my father made mistakes "" "" which is equivocating but then my father was fearful the white race would die out and i don't own that . """
" i dunno what  "" race baiting "" "" is . since you guys can never define it i'm left to assume it's anyone calling out white suprmacy . """
" i guess this is an example of the  "" bad few "" "" mayor #pizzafork mentioned while ripping the media at his presser ? ? """
" i obviously have  multiple times . of course europeans are  "" caucasian "" "" thus "" "" white "" "" racially  but "" "" white "" "" is only an ethnicity in north america . """
" i thought people who were against immigration were xenophobic racists . if you were born  "" down south "" ""  you'd already know that . """
" i'm not christian  but know many white supremacists that are . i don't understand why you all feel the need to  "" preserve white culture "" "" ... """
" i'm singing  "" white christmas "" "" """
" it's called  "" white flight . "" "" """
" j & k : jihadis in army fatigues  "" shouting jihadi slogans "" "" attack police station and army camp  murdering twelve people """
" joke article .  "" fair leaders have ties to white supremacist groups ... and have made many racist statements . "" "" - """
" libs b like :  "" omg it like has nothing to do w / like immigration . like white men drive  like drunk  like all the time . omg . like  so racist "" "" ! """
" lmao  "" white bloc "" "" kkk in polos """
" may i ask  what message do you hope to get from the  "" white lives matter rally "" "" ? """
" need a safe space snowflake ? i'm sure  "" richard spencer "" "" is icing his grill at his right now . """
" not anti-white  but they are teaching about  "" white privilege "" "" now . not ok to teach kids that . """
" not sure why an honest policy point should be considered  "" fetishizing "" "" or why we shoul """
" okay  maybe it can explain every single  "" gap "" "" blamed on whites & racism . but still ... """
" pl . remind india of the  "" curse of the cow "" "" """
" rt  "" after hearing oral arguments  i am hopeful the court will rule on the side of religious liberty . "" "" #fairplay """
" rt  "" the truth about these [ working class white ] communities is that they deserve to die . "" "" - kevin williamson  """
" rt  "" white supremacy in multi-racial america . why ? "" "" on al jazeera america : """
" rt #european rabbis demand laws banning  "" anti-semitic hate speech "" "" : """
" rt . 5 / there was no  "" religious right "" "" until the late 1960s / early 1970s . there wasn't a need for one . conservatism is a failure """
" rt : there is much more to race than skin tone . ie . an albino black african doesn't become  "" white "" "" simply because of h ... """
" rt aap tweeting bjp scam list . read / rt my article in 24/32 cases   "" no scam "" "" ! in 8  cases by aapcon only """
" rt ap :  "" russian bomber patrols to reach gulf of mexico "" "" """
" rt at #vvs17 . talks of his prayers after he was shot  and of the  "" calmness god can provide in trying times . "" "" """
" rt either way ... delhi is a  "" low cost "" "" warning to .. get rid of media pimps from your govt ... act to clean up ... """
" rt fiorina announced ted cruz as  "" your next president  "" "" and the earth immediately swallowed her . end times  people ! """
" rt hitler moustache-wearing  "" femen "" "" whores marching against "" "" fascism "" "" in france | read more : """
" rt italian fascists convicted in rome for  "" massive hate campaign "" "" against jews | more : """
" rt latest american #nazi party report on types of people in this #nationalsocialist  "" movement "" "" . #wpww #politics """
" rt people who say  "" don't kill dogs "" "" are animal lovers & those who say "" "" don't kill cow "" "" are communal bigots . hypocrisy unlimitd . """
" rt rt :  "" the truth doesn't go away just because people deny it "" "" ~ at #prolifecon #whywemarch """
" south african liberal politicians are doubling down  by using the concept of  "" slate politics "" "" . but some disagree . """
" speaking of  "" honest conversation  "" "" the comments section seems to have disappeared on my amren view . what gives ? """
" still preaching  "" let us in so we can kill you  or we will attack and kill you "" "" . like a broken record . lol """
" that's fine but  "" white trash "" "" ? ? doesn't need to be said imo """
" there is no white identity  because white people can trace their lineages to their specific european villages instead of  "" enslaved somewhere """
" video : discusses  "" white privilege  "" "" the new frontier of white guilt #privilege #tcot #tgdn #trot """
" we need to perpetuate greed and steal ? i'm sorry  but who promotes usury ? who promotes  "" sharing "" "" ? not whites . """
" where is robert  "" ignorant "" "" or "" "" racist "" "" exactly ? please inform us ... """
" you misspelled  "" dear fellow white people "" "" """
" you twist it as they do . you try to make islam look like what  "" jihadists "" "" do is right in islam . you have the same vkews . """
#altright  you look like morons carrying tiki torches from a store that capitalizes on globalism . america doesnt need you .
#altright it doesn't matter if you abided by the law  these are the enemies institutions . they hate you because you don't hate yourself .
#breaking : ted cruz drops out of the 2016 presidential race
#hoodsoff #opkkk
#media rushes to abandon the principle of #freespeech #tcot #tlot #news #terrorism
#nascar #blacklivesmatter #minorityyouth # m & m #indycar #mcdolnald #sprint # dollar general #spr
#racist white separatist meet at montgomery bell st park near nashville tn this wknd . to counter . #uniteblue
#saysomethingcompletelyhonest you will never be european  unless you join
#whiteprivilege when a white man makes up excuses for another white man who commits mass murder .
& discuss declining support for #israel among democrats now on #dcwatchlive
' holocaust ' debate / comments / news who's really doing the ' incitement to raciall hatred ' ? : those who criti ...
' hunt & kill all white women ' facebook post deemed not hate speech . double standard or what !
' it's sad lgbt people are unwilling to be gracious winners ' : calls for anti-gay religious law : #tcot #ccot #p2
' whites not welcome ' anti-white racist graffiti found outside u . k . primary school via
( rt ) a time for choosing trump - deja
- i've examined video clips with people and i see a total different person  not media narrative .
. abortion being legal doesn't make it right . was also legal to own slaves before civil war
. could do more but it's bigger than that . every friday  every mosque :
. is that why you're so matronly and worried about what people do with their privates ? nothing like venerating an old racist crone .
. some additional info on al-ilah  the pagan moon god of #islam
. with you orwellian marxists  weak is strong  up is down  and black is white .
. you mean hindus / jews / christians / etc stay in iraq & syria ? get lostttt .
1 . america was 85-90 % white well into the 60s . 2 . the founding fathers  pioneers  and colonists were white .
1 / i was ruminating on this earlier and decided that cerno  like milo  is useful in that he triggers leftists
10 feet higher gavin !
10 reasons to #defundplannedparenthood is 100 % #prolife
1st round win for & against hhs mandate #obamacare #abortion #healthcare
40 % of south korean adults are unmarried  the highest share among the 34 oecd countries . why ?
7 ji  is it true that instructed u to garner support in msm about ishrat ? #ishratcoverup
: ( ( ( media ) ) ) suppressed this debate for years . the altright is gro
: ... get a clue about the reality of jihad & islamic supremacism . defend your soc
: 10/28 tn #whitelivesmatter permit apps by are only for 100 people . our crowds much bigger . yuug
: anarcho-tyranny : the corruption of charlottesville  va via
: az appeal of immigration ruling set for november #afire #tcot #teaparty illegal #immigr ...
: baptist press - a first : judge rules against hhs mandate - news with a christian perspective
: don't forget the park and the statue were donated to the city by a private party . we paid for our monuments
: egypt : anti-morsi petition gathers over 2 million signatures
: exquisite piece by . if america is to be saved  she must first look to the south .
: germany : hundreds of treason complaints against merkel over foreign invasion
: greece : golden dawn supporters holds massive motorcycle rally in athens )
: i despise the lying  fascist  racist  bigoted  hate-mongers ppl who are .
: i have never seen any evidence that robert spencer is racist . bring your proof or be a vile hate spr
: kkk alive and well white brother hood unite ku klux klan yall racist mf's smd
: ministries can keep feeding homeless : #standforrfra #rfra
: most of the comments on this article are negative . like it or not  breitbart is right . trump is losing his
: nothing was ever done to lefts rioting in berkeley conservatives rally they call out national guard ! mor
: perhaps you've read this pithy expos of mr.pompousiq by super-smart robert spencer
: quentin tarantino unveils new anti-white race war slasher movie
: quiz . which of these helped the racist far right nazis kill 400k jews ? 1.robert spencer and pamela geller . 2 .
: rt : watch news  become experts  and take that news and put it up on fb  twitter  youtube & comment #prolife # p ...
: southereners are a distinct american ethnicity  which is white . therefore the south would
: sunset memorial speech in honor of the 55 million lost since roe v . wade : #whywemarch
: that black x on a white background you are seeing is this : southern nationalism flag via
: this was not one of the most cogent comments of the past decade .
: wait  you're a feminist and support islam ? if you don't get cognitive dissonance from that you're not sma
: whoops : muslim charity praised by british pm and prince of wales under investigation for funneling money to ...  ...
> > lies of kejriwal on tv screen ! #namo4pm on camera he lies so much  imagine off camera his corruption
a #bbc report : how the world loved the - #swastika until #hitler stole
a cm or his ministers behaving like street-goondas certainly reflects poor understanding of democracy .
a congress with a majority of white people who kill and exterminate native indians ? those white ilegal immigrants ?
a history of white privilege
a muslim with good faith would hope in his heart that there be no such
a real alt-right leader .
a successful india & successful japan will benefit both nations & will be a force of peace  stability & prosperity in asia & in the world .
a synagogue was opened to muslims when their mosque was burned down.if only kindness ws a lasting thing
a yazidi child asking help to hindus brothers of india ( yazidis are distant cousin of hindus )
abortion is murder #unbornlivesmatter #defundpp #prolife #chooselife #stand4life
according to leftists  charlottesville was a setup by the alt-right .
according to your crowd . but as a person that believes in individuality  you're entitled to hate me  without being a racist .
actually  i ftfy mt : nope  but ' racist ' is the new n word for white supremacists
actually  white people do commit crime .
actually no . i'm good friends with some brahmins and they are olive . celts are very white  was married briefly to one . very white boy .
alive and kicking . be on the lookout for his white renegade of the year at ar in the next two weeks
all black look is way better than those white shirts and ties
all of these people now have arrest records . i wonder if their employers will be told ? let's find out .
all the white people  and surely the white protestants still registered would defect to #trump .
all-white town fights to preserve segregation in the anti-white new south africa ! read more : via
allah calls himself the greatest liar ( 3:54 ) . isnt lying praised in islam ( taqeeya ) ?
also is the census is correct euro-americans are 80 % of the population . you want to pay less than your share ? and you call us lazy ?
americans have always had a white identity . since the 1650s . even today  we have a negative white identity
an end to open borders is the holy grail of trump movement  you corporate-schlong-sucking cucks .
and he is definitely a racist  and probably white supremacist . at the very least he is supporting white supremacists .
and if they're hermaphroditic  then what are they ? your black / white argument falls short . way short .
and its not working . now any changes are subject to massive amounts of uncertainty . they've lost control and can't adjust .
and then yall have the nerve to complain when people call actual nazis  nazis .
and this is why the enlistment is so low !
and yet they hate black people ?
angel-faced hitler sympathizer under prosecution in canada via
another question  if white heritage beat hitler why are so many white men standing with their arms straight out wearing swatikas ?
anthony hervey funeral set for august 2nd : by hunter wallace i promised several people that i would publish th ...
antifa terrorists put out manual for destroying society
anything covered in religious freedom laws can be written without invoking any religion = human rights
archaeologists : viking age older than what believed | read more : via
are bulgarians and albanians white ?
are white nationalists white first or nationalist first ? seriously !
are you assuming because im not white i have no parents #racist
are you employed to make us real national socialists look bad ?
are you so afraid of offending people with #truth ? #wakeup #whiteman
are you white ?
are you white ? are you a troll ? your views are representative of being a whitehall  unless your ? no religion in your message .
arizona seeks to cut funds to planned parenthood - the verde independent -
arsonist destroys church recently purchased by white pioneer craig cobb via
as the crowd was chanting modi modi at times square never seen in an american history for indian political leader
ashkenazi ain't white  boyo . stop larping as a white man .
at  every month is black history month #365black
at 40.10  pulls the predictable trick of comparing to isis for reading islam the same way
at least you admit that white supremacists are part of his constituency . thanks for the conformation !
audible white chocolate .
bc it's mostly white men ( this video for ex ) that seem to have the biggest problem . and 53 % of white women that voted for trump
because white people are a majority . that's it . and marxism relies heavily o
bernie sanders makes far more sense on lots of issues than ted cruz or marco rubio #demdebate
beyond the battlefield : an endless struggle for the severely wounded #greed #corruption #congress
bizarre article with great commentary ! updated daily with interesting + informative #news - #health #vegan #ows
black africa  white europe  asian asia . problems with this ?
black riots  white flight | american renaissance
books already exist  sure they were likely written before 1940 and need tweeks and updates  but the alt-right is a return to the obvious
brave lads . heroes of our people .
brown was cheered on by the ancestors of the inhabitants of boston  nyc and chicago . the same people ha
but they are white too ...
but you're living in an european ( western ) civilization ?
by jared's definition of what is white ~ many hispanics can qualify white.they too look full-caucasian
by silencing your allowing jihad to spread unchallenged aiding those fascists
by white winandmando 100 %
calling people that when they hide behind a hood to protect their identity is ironic .
can u get anymore racist ?
can you honestly support monuments to the racist eras of the 20s - 40s ? aren't you better than that ? can you hate other races that much ?
canada : imam claims that islam is the most feminist religion
cant force hindus to eat beef and azam khan can not redraw map of india.we need to fight them till end
cernovich says egg mcmuffin took out milo
charles murray doesn't belong here - american renaissance via
check out for state by state numbers . #womenhaverealchoices . better choices . #defundpp
cm presiding over a meeting of the state cabinet in chandigarh today .
collective exhale after high court announcement #neilgorsuch
collectively  delhi and bihar results are very very strong lessons to pro and anti india forces .
columbia student claims to be traumatized by reading about white people via
communists torture and massacre priests  nuns  and choir boys in marxist upheavals in spain #swrm via
comparing blacks calling out white supremacy as being like / white supremacists shows you have a serious problem with comprehending
confirmed racist
congress says white groups are terrorists
conservatism as espoused by the neocons is a proven loser . trump destroyed the bush legacy and rose in the polls . cucks rejected
crime has gone down every year since 91 . ten percent of murders by blacks are vs whites . what an idiot
cruz and trump dominated the primary .
cuckservatives : mlk conservatives eschew white identity politics via
cuckservatives : mlk conservatives eschew white identity politics via #gop #waronwhites
cultural marxists at work
dear  if u want to boycott jews & jewish products try avoiding vaccinations & numerous innovations  not coke
dear congress  plz do not stoop down 2 these levels whr anti-modi is slowly making u anti-national mani shankar aiyar
delhi will become kolkata and national capital may have to be shifted .
dhs posts notice soliciting bids for the wall daily stormer #buildthatwall
did you adopt any white kids ?
did you forget the fact wall street actually affirmed the confidence in the market was because of trump not obama ?
dignity of labour has to be our national duty  it has to be a part of our nature : pm
discusses a oklahoma university feeling forced to close married student housing bc of the same-sex marriage ruling .
do another article on the antebellum & colonial south  great reads
do you think the #awardwapsi is motivated and agenda driven ?
do you think the 2 to 1 ratio suggests black ppl are more prone to criminality than white ppl ?
don't you think its racist that black people can say a certain word but white people can't ?
donald trump is kiling it with white  working-class voters in the rust belt via
double standard . you hate white people .
drape them in what ... white sheets ? ?
drephther a blakkka skin head on da west kost sampl fred wesley
dude  there are literally white people who think they are actually smarter than a black physicist
duke university islamic studies professor blames and for cartoon violence .
elder  you're a bit insane .
ever notice how has ties to alan dershowitz  milo and roosh ?
everything is racism  white supremacy  nazism
exactly ! their mindset has destroyed how my black side and friends see white people . they call their own uncle toms  me included .
extreme hypocrisy : wikipedia explains difference between gay  asian  black pride and white pride via
ezra levant has mcinnes and the rest of the rebel over in israel . because the media hates israel lol
fake news fail : virginia voters split on charlottesville via
feminist magazine demands white women abort their babies to solve racism
fetal pain legislation is based on growing body of irrefutable scientific data & physical evidence . #theyfeelpain
first  thank you for your service sir  second  you are dead right . if hillary won  none of this would be talked about .
first white house of the confederacy ...
from anti-white marxist to anti-white libertarian and back again : countenance made an interesting comment on o ...
german government admits it cannot account for 600000 of its 1.1 million muslim refugees : its not just germ ...
get active folks ! #activism #resistance #14w
get robert spencer pamellagellar  bridgetegabriel on the show meg  - no one knows more on islamics
god bless you all : keep on fighting good for us white folk
good lord  if you're going to wear a suit  at least make sure it fits .
gorka : mcmaster sees the threat of islam through an obama administration lens
grammar nazis . very dedicated to humor to make a whole fake account for this one joke
guilty by association . proves that optics matter .
hah ! hacked  infected  is always a possibility . again  i'll not debate the various levels of intellectual approach taken by bitter people .
has the white race become too liberal to survive ?
hate is hate but there a small amount of white conservatives claiming to be white supremacists but a large number of democrat antifa thugs !
have they always hated white people and wanted the
hayride-magellan poll in louisiana : trump 41  cruz 21  rubio 15 via
he looks like a antifa communist .
he's biracial too  as i recall . not sure if it's white / arab or white / black .
he's not white  check out his wiki
head of cambridge university equality group says all white people are racist #swrm via
head of cambridge university equality group says all white people are racist via
heidi cruz : goldman sachs banker  cfr member  open borders globalist via
here are more pictures from my visit to sumdo .
here you go again . you don't know me but of course you have to call me racist . what if i tell you that my kid is black ?
here's hoping cruz and kasich challenge trump to a two-on-one debate and really let him have it ! #crusichcrew
heroism of the waffen-ss ? ? ? heroism in murdered people usually white ones
hey  i'm mostly white  can i get a follow ?
hey white people dont make anymore and take all the pills - we got it from here
hillary  i think you have a few more questions to answer than dt does . you still never answered the pay for play question at the 3rd debate .
hindus are beyond kshatriyas also . if you do not realise you will create only man singh .
hindus must take up this matter .
hitler youth camps in america ( 1935-1941 ) #swrm via
holocaust revisionism : the truth ( video ) thomas dalton  phd : i am just about to watch this  but did a search o ...
holocaust survivors gather at memorial sites of former concentration camps to commemorate liberation 72 years ago .
hope everything goes well at berkeley today . hope freedom of speech is still a right
hopefully it gives you some perspective on the dangers of nationalism .
how about ; its alright to be white ! ?
how about south dakota then ?
how are people who fight for equality racists and white nationalists are peaceful heroes ?
how did they know who's photos to select if they're colorblind ?
how is it ? how is it you all know ( ( ( they ) ) ) run the show but you are all still surprised when justice for whites is avoided ?
how is it racist ? you're assuming all that would be affected by ending daca are of one race ?
how much of this is on purpose ? antifa has corporate sponsors and local government support . is antifa p
how the uniparty lost the white middle class : the one-party system has failed the white middle class
how the vikings saved europe and got a terrible reputation #swrm via
how true . truth is ' hate ' to those who hate the truth !
huck making sense on social security . #gopdebate
i also respect people like hunter wallace and matt heimbach . stand up guys .
i always wondered how educated you fidiots were abt adolf . surely then you must be vegetarians  non-alcoholic / tobacco  a-sexual :-)
i am a black man come find me you snow bunnies
i am here i stand in the gap for the unborn babies
i can't look . i'm too white pilled right now.god i hate communists
i could care less how you feel - what i do know is more whites died from drugs abuse in 2016 in chi than blacks from gun violence .
i don't mean to sound racist  my apologies . white is what i am . no judgment call on that . western hindu also
i don't think so - - - we need border security
i don't think they necessarily drink coke ... i mean  there's gta be a reason they're all so crazy hyper .
i dont see how that would work in the current america or is your goal for the south to be a independent ethno state ?
i just bought similar  infidels guide to the koran
i just heard white christmas playing and realized the liberals and #blm must hate it since it conta
i know right ! that dunham girl is so talented and beautiful too !
i looked at your daily caller article  looked at their source and cherrypicked just as the article did . only i cherrypicked the more striking offense . its like you stub your toe and its the end of the world . and nothing happens outside the white bubble . get real .
i mean  trump denounced david duke in 2000 ... clearly people have the ability to  ya know  evolve ( or devolve )
i think i need to start learning my bird about the alt right .
i think we should double down and make tiki torches a symbol of white supremacy .
i voted for cruz purely as a #nevertrump vote  but this result today is one reason i was arguing strongly against cruz as the nom months ago
i want to go to support nationalism
i wish to god it were true and that trump would make a massive power move to take full control .
i'm afraid he might start talking about fatherhood and strong families . that would be super dark #trumprally
i'm not here to griffiti nothing . i am here to make sure proper
i'm not white clown
i'm proud of being white and i'm not racist at all .
i'm sure kushner and ivanka are demanding it as we speak .
i'm white  so i'm already racist according to charlie .
i'm white ... married to black man 9 years ... do i count ?
identity europa is now on ! give us a follow .
ideology is a spectrum not an on-off thing . milo plays his role . you are not alt-right from one day to another . it is a process
idiots making the white people look bad ! white powder ! lol
if gavin goes full alt right that would be the end of it . we win the cultural war .
if i believed people would buy it  i might . but not there yet . plus  those guys know way more than me . mine would be more motivation .
if it was true that the white race was superior you guys wouldn't be insisting on it so desperately .
if omar mateen's father was at a trump rally they would be calling for trump's head and calling him an insensitive bigot ! hypocrites !
if the police maliciously ignored their duty to protect the permit-holding utr there must be a massive lawsuit ! !
if the white house can dictate the bathroom policies of america  what could possibly be beyond their reach ? #keepncsafe
if they hate islam  what makes them muslim ?
if ur not a true born again christian no one can fully understand spiritual things ! ! !
if you are fool enough to think immigration law passed by congress makes racist i'll confront you too . see above . #fail
if you had any bit of wisdom and any pair of clear eyes youd know that socialism does not work and it ruins everyone . your disgusting
if you look at obama wrong  it makes you a racist .
if you racist think . bad cops can legally murder americans . stand w / us on past  present  future bad cops criminally liable
if you''d drive a knife into milo & buy the lies being spread by lugenpresse then you aren't the counter culture . #maga
if you're white  you're suspect . there is no middle ground .
im racist ? i dont think so ...
im sure someone made this meme already  but heres mine .
indeed you are in antifa optics now ! this fist is ours ! #resistance
india condemns the brutal  dastardly terror attacks on airport  metro station in #brussels
india has a special place in my heart . i am eagerly waiting for your arrival in kyoto this weekend .
india sends a message to muslims around the world . - - obey the law or you wont enter our country
indian journalists ordered out of pakistan #myjihad islam muslims #congratsnamo #thankyouindia mission 272
indian navy tableau moves forward at rapath in republic day celebrations ( courtesy :d d )
iq predicta economic success in western society . asians and jews have higher average incomes than whites in usa  an iq meritocracy .
is he racist for only harassing white women ?
is he talking about spencer or the antifa reject ? cause the latter is the one who ran .
is the 2nd great #depression here ? #politics #p2 #policestate #whiteisright #wpww
israeli bank workers accused of defrauding holocaust survivor va
it ( iq testing ) measures intelligence ( how smart someone is  which is entirely innate [ born ] . ) let me know if you need further assistance .
it is soooo refreshing and heartwarming to hear from people who support our president & see what the underhanded dnc is doing .
it is the two hangmen of the white people .
it looks to me like southern nationalism is white nationalism .
it was jawaharlal nehru who gave away the un security council seat to china when it was offered to india  #unsc
it's all by design . they don't want a united grou #divideandconquer
it's not fair for black americans to go jobless well you import illegals to replace them !
it's not genetic  it's single parenthood . you get rid of single parenthood and the numbers are proportionally similar to whites people .
it's not that we don't agree with you . it's that we want a strategy to engage the sympathies of normie white america
it's so true and not only happening in germany . what kind of a poor refugee beats up another ? it's a terrorist in disguise
its liberal propaganda ploy implemented 20 yrs ago teaching self hate  white priv & white guilt to teens in schools . kids who did nothing !
its much easier to pass blame than to accept it . ask hillary about the election .
its the combination of human nature and the nature of youth . it's rebellious to be pro white
jammu & kashmir chief minister mufti mohammed sayeed dies at a delhi hospital .
jared  i know you catch a lot of flak  but thanks for all your work .. big fan
jared red pilled me a year ago . i'd watched his vids before . it took the second run to unbrainwash me . thank you jared .
joel you're not even white
john c . calhoun predicted the prostration of the white race in his southern address of 1849 :
john mccain is no longer a sore loser that is ungrateful for the opportunities he has been afforded . he has become a saboteur who has set out to destroy people with whom he disagrees .
just a white box :
just calling you white thought you were proud
kasich is a warlock literally sucking the life energy out of everyone in the room . #gopdebate
kat used to be cool but now she is becoming more liberal
keep it up  we need more people doing this !
kejriwal campaigned as anti-corruption crusader  ended up embracing lalu  the political don of corruption  now going down with him .
kevin alfred strom joins me to discuss his background  the national alliance  white nationalism  jews & more !
kris kobach : why obama  critics are wrong about arizona immigration law #afire #tcot #p2
last time a german man was this nervous in a bunker  he shot himself #langer
league of the south didn't make her a fat coronary in waiting
leftist no-platforming is counterproductive.many people are attracted to right-wing ra
let's be a white resister !
licensed to kill : the inevitable fallout of the culture of death #prolife
like that hunter . i mean sure his wife & son are cute  but hes promoting this
listening to who i would much prefer to either cruz or hillary
little do they know that the alt-right wears khakis and polos at all times  including the gym and while
lmaoo this guys a clown
lol.hillary got 3million more votes from the people in this country . he only wo
many things . breaking with liberalism . rediscovering identity . rejecting new south boosterism
mark levin unveils three-step border plan #bordercrisis #noamnesty
mark potok flipping out over league of the south
market forces drive wages  ann . [ excluding gov intervention - marxism ]
massive white pills dropping everywhere . even watching congress fail is a white pill for the alt-right .
maybe they wanted to cover the muslim girls in liquid concrete . #justsaying
meanwhile  #truconservatives in the gop are dropping opposition to gay marriage :
media matters eric boehlert : you have neo-nazis celebrating the trump presidency
meet the #truconservatives of 2026 :
milos zeman  czech president : ' this migrant invasion is aimed at disrupting the entire structure of europe '
missionaries in india : conversion or coercion ? via
mississippi : the color of wic  tanf  and medicaid : mississippi wic in 2010  44671 whites and 66830 african-ame ...
mob attacks hindus in bangladesh -
modern hate : my story on white nationalist leader of w /
more federal money for real americans !
more waste : #california office of new americans #bureaucracy
most poor people are not criminals . that's awful to imply .
move to india  africa or mexico . they don't have planned parenthood .
muslim from uk murders and wounds 80 in jihad suicide attack for islamic state
muslim leader : isis people from other religion wearing masks and defaming islam
my boys in white ! hh
my neighbor is white and has black and asian friends . i am scared . i don't want to catch his multiculturalism . suggestions ?
my nephew is bi racial he said 2 me so bc i voted 4 dt i'm a racist or a white supremacist ? i said u know who u r don't let ppl label u
nah  he just means white men .
nah ... we white ..
narendra modi and yogi adityanath together bring a powerful new yoga shakti to transform up . a new era dawns .
national socialist education had a lasting effect | read more : via
need white women plz
new updates at our anp #texas blog : #hitler #nazi #workingclass #news
new video ' shows #isis executing five british spies ' via metrouk
no  he was using it in a bible study . read your own article .
no  i want it to actually be solved and i want the whites peddling the degeneracy jailed or worse . i dont defend criminality .
no ! only white ice is allowed !
no . those people should be banned from all rallies . the next rally i attend i will vol
no it's time for #racist to amitt you lost civil war should have deported racist
no one call sikhs and hindus fromafghanistan as afhans . dwindling sikh  hindu communities flee new abuses in afgh
no religion says to kill all non believers . i hate them !
no sugar  racism is acting like your race is superior to other races and treating people bad because their race is different than yours .
no.she will be promoted to dianne every white persons a racist abbot personal assistant
nobody is gonna help you #buildthewall you racist pos . is a known hate group and i'm disappointed is promoting it
north americas political makeup was also massively altered around 1492 . i . e . whats your point ? people move .
not fair to american workers . construction use to be a great job until prices same
not here to bash but did u do yr research and history check on hitler the man u follow an admire so much . u say u hate jews  blacks
not just the stuff of legend : famed viking sunstone did exist | read more : via
not such a great case really mr . gupta  pl . do not extend hidden support to lumpens ; who said no money ? ? ?
note : says funding ( not building ) the wall is good enough ( once a cuck ... ) want fight over obama care will surrender on wall .
nothing about is consistent because he cant understand demographics is destiny ; his views will no longer exist without whites .
nuke deal will make war with iran more likely  say former top military officials
o and i am arab not white ... keep going
occupy wall street protests : #police make numerous arrests system likes mindless obedience . #occupywallstreet
of course he should  what's wrong with you people he is a terrorist and would kill you all ffs .
ok so here goes . criticise islam = racist .
okay cuck knight keep licking the boots of the corrupt federal government . i ; m
our president  ceo  and general counsel alan sears responds to the high court's decision . #scotus #elanephotography
pakistan : police arrest muslim cleric for inciting boy to cut off his own hand
part of me wishes she said . yes the potus is creating a bill to unabolish slavory . but this time not african americans . just liberals .
pentagon : no plans to limit religious freedom of service members
people die every day ...
pikeville told charlottesville how to hold a peaceful demonstration . the people's republic of charlottesville  however  ignored it
pl . note trump is not racist  this is false propaganda of opponents
pl display indian breed of dogs  they look better than john dayal
please  lgbtx pride only when it's based on authentic virtue . i place it 2nd to pride in my people  yes
pm modi pays tribute to bal thackeray on his birth anniversary
poll : 40 percent of white people have no non-white friends in the usa via < good instincts ..
posting xenophobic views online in #germany could cost you your job & child - report
pro life is pro women  and pro men  and pro children .
protester taunts cops after two police officers shot in ferguson | american renaissance
purge now
questions & answers on the holohoax by harold a . covington  : excellent video.must watch for those who still be ...
r-u muslim ? > < = research-why they love 2 kill gays + all-nonbelievers ( #kafirs / #infidels )  #dhimmi ? = > = #hate ! #theview
race traitor ? how do you know this person is white ?
racist hatemonger robert spencer the ignorant and misleaded
rand paul in #ferguson - another jack kemp zombie repeating slogans that were stale 20 years ago - #tcot #tgdn #nrx
rare ! entire us senate to go to white house for north korea briefing
redlining and steering exist to protect white property value from the black undertow .
remember harvard professor who wants to abolish the white race
remind me what happened at uc berkeley at 8: 00 pm on feb 1st ?
removal of encroachments was in knowledge of delhi urban shelter improvement board  an entity under delhi govt .
respect honorsafe travels #potusabroad #marchagainstsharia #maga
retweeted elder lansing ( ): to loudmouth idiot and racist jemele hill ; potus trump isn't a white ...
rss is not under bjp . it is vice versa .
rt : gao plans full audit on planned parenthood #stand4life #prolife #itsprettyugly
rt : horrific #firebombing of #dresden 70 years ago . #neverforget #germany #wpww
rt : judge jilts virginia voters on #marriage
rt : we're prepping for the #gopdebate . urge the candidates to address #religiousfreedom tonight . please rt !
rudolf hess  the martyr for peace t-shirt via
rural people are the most disaffected . go to their counties and you understand why . all this us wealth
russian paratroopers move to areas of surprise combat readiness drills
sad that has not suspended this account #kkk cc
sadly my grandfather was a ss general for hitler . - any denial is invalid ! i got the power
same folks who important somalis . super high trust . #cuckservatives
same people who protested 4 the $ 15 wage and lost their jobs to computers . of course they were fired
scalia left cruz his white robe / hood in last will
seceding isn't going to work because it'll just kill more white men . now what ?
see what all the anti-racist signalling gets you : nothing . time to #unitetheright
separate issue tho - did espn infringe on curt's religious liberty ? btw i think what they did is silly .
sexual orientation is innate . religion is a behavior . but wrong according to who ? you ?
she was a member of the council on foreign relations  and educated at the university of chicago . that says it all  right there .
shhhhh don't say things like that  they'll call you a white supremacist . don't you know that's white-washed history .
showdown : how does stack up against evangelicals for marriage equality :
shri has arrived to address parivartan rally in darbhanga . live at
since everything you say is filtered through marxism a better title for you is pseudo-historian .
so a store can refuse yi sell to members of your faith ? can deny you housing ?
so criticizing a poc automatically makes one a racist ? seems like you are the hate-filled bigot  earl . go away .
so for hindus  bjp is must . just 1 request to all hindus  please vote sensibly .
so if a white guy converts to judaism  he instantly changes race ? ok ...
so why are libs afraid of securing our borders ? documenting all those who come to us ? you fear law and order and won't enforce laws.dont getit
so you're telling me that whites don't have a ' tribal ' mind  yet dominate the world ? not logical
sociologist : military officers too white via
sorry .. i cant help you and you wont sway me .. this white
sorry but we cant afford to take in any more ppl  we cant afford to take care of the needy ppl already here  or our vets  educ cuts ...
sorry not accurate  you know what demographic receives the most fed benefits in the south
sounds good to me . give them something to put on their resume other than criminal acts .
sounds like a racist act to me .
spent my morning taking down white nationalist propaganda . are you aware of this ?
state farm inadvertently dramatizes kipling's ' white man's burden '
stop guessing if islam is really the problem . know for sure . impress women with knowledge  rather than your feeble balloon animal act .
supreme court issues notice to kejriwal - will spend his time only in such notices  dharnas  people's work takes back seat .
sure  if we could unite it would be better but is it possible ? look at boston and the ne - they hate us with a purple passion
surely it's ok to be a person of white ? because white is made up of all colours .
swedish patriots
technically  the kkk commits no crimes . they are fans of pointy hoods and corporate veils . your point is strawman .
ted cruz compared himself to a demonic spirit and then gave some rambling excuse about not disclosing a million dollar loan from goldman .
tell me when we white people are harassed by police .
tell me you don't believe in white privilege
thank indian authorities for the message they had sent  to show solidarity : francois richier  french ambassador
thanks for sharing our work ! let us know if we can be of service . #prolife
that place is horrific  its like the twlights zone of south africa 20 years ago ...
that's amusing  tom . i've read a hundred articles in which you people assure us he is not a mainstream conservative
that's because there are yuge benefits to being white  unfortunately .
that's not what's the greatest danger to white culture . what is the greatest danger to white culture is your sinful conceit and #idolatry .
that's so weak . the movement needs more masculinity  patriarchy . less boomerism and whit
that's the naked truth  many hate #america ! #latinosfortrump #buildthewall
the ' white squatter camps ' [ concentration camps ] of south africa #maga #america
the alt-right event was booked and paid for . #nationalpresscensors
the anti-white rebellionsponsored by #pepsi
the department of justice begins planned parenthood investigation .
the fire fighters told me they are on our side . #antifa is mitch landries baby and he needs to own it .
the greatest threat to america  white christian terrorists
the idea that trump was at 29 % in indiana after stomping cruz next door in little egypt in illinois was always absurd
the latest top-conservative daily news ! thanks to #tcot #lbnews
the libs wouldn't care one bit  if true .
the lord of the heavens ! russian air force an - 124 #naviation
the more our white race learns about their own history the more they want to know
the new centry foundatin is a white supremacists thinking tank arm of the
the no-camera thing will bring lots of otherwise hesitant people to such events .
the only people who seem surprised by this are you & liberals .
the only thing that matters to these cucks is lower taxes for themselves .
the politicians run the police  the police don't run the politicians . lot of people don't get that fact .
the real jewish homeland is birobidzhan .
the reason lyin ' ted cruz has lost so much of the evangelical vote is that they are very smart and just don't tolerate liars-a big problem !
the rise of white identity in thechesapeake
the same story david duke and james edwards had before trump  isn't it ? same people closing spence down now  most likely .
the south fought against losing their rights  and they were fighting again
the talented tenth
the trump movement is white nationalism . to deny
the un isn't interested in white refugees .
the victories keep piling up for #truconservatives . schilling was probably a democrat anyway :
the white emmett till
the white non-married women demographic also key  heavily propagandised by msm to hate trump and vote hillary
the white race isnt in danger . stop trying to spread fear and hate
then the law would hunt you down because your white .. we are being victimised buy spine
then you must be a white supremacist according to #fakenews
these are not exactly comparable cases . mulayam singh is a better comparison .
they are afraid of being labeled white-supremacists  nazis  racist ( though #islam is not a r
they are multi racial .
they are no longer a white nationalist organization .
they must be white african americans  like that white hispanic guy .
they're not even close  don . these people generally don't street brawl or even come out to events
think they're just making sure they don't accept people with skinhead gang tats lol
this is amazing . the counter protesters look stupid af while we seem very reasonable . white america at home waking up .
this is an invasion . and people are too blind to see it .
this is anti-white .
this is not correct . this history is fabricated to discredit hindus .
this is the influence ov pence and tony perkins ( kkk )
this is useful because the daca people are clearly saying they are fighting for the legalization of all people here illegally not just people covered by daca . most daca advocates deny this for obvious reasons .
this isn't going to help people like paul ryan win elections . we need to distance ourselves .
this piece seems to conflate 2 positions . i believe royce will lead hhs faith-based office but not overall administration faith-based office
this shows what a complete & total liar ted cruz is - he said he wouldn't have nominated john roberts . really ?
this years topicsmisogyny  racism  and homophobiathe frc mantra ! !
those human statues just kill me ... topple them now .
those predicting that have syndrome . no white in arctic by ...
those studies are counting hispanics as white
three million more votes for hillary  cupcake . trump is a nasty  petulant #minoritypresident who is still talking about the election .
thus these 3 were american citizens not refugees
to be fair  the brands don't really have an ideology  and some of these people are ordinary trump supporters
to scare white folks ...
too scared ? afraid if you say which god you mean i'll disprove it and your faith will be shown as a lie ? coward .
too white  not right : non-white hysteria over white as snow miss france via #missfrance #cran
u agree govt isn't always right but anything trump does u not going to like
uhhh  the white people oppressed them . go get educated / sarcasm
unfair ! rt : how a silly dispute over signs made it all the way to the supreme court
unite to defeat radical jihadism : it will require western elites to form an alliance w / citizens they've ...
unless they white washed mine  i'm good
unless you are very well armed  and this old white guy is .
unwanted advocates of a people who view our movement as immoral ?
ur the new leader of the alt right mrtaylor i cant handle it anymor good luck sir i made dad send u a check weu
us senate unanimously condemns white nationalists via
very strange considering both the people in your name would have hated him and his movement .
via : the evidence that white children benefit from integrated schools
via yemen : al-qaeda jihadists take over military base  hold high-ranking officers captive #tcot
vijayadashmi in india ... celebration with blast in pakistan perfect
wankers none the less .
want america to be safe and secure ? impeach the white supremacist president . oh  and get off my feed .
want america to be safe and secure ? the wall will make it worse  not better .
we are anonymous . we do not forgive . we do not forget . you should have expected us . #always
we have a system where white people control the outcomes  and the outcome that most white americans want is segregation  she says .
we know #theyfeelpain by 20 weeks ! senate must pass pain capable unborn child protection act
we must remember that in the usa  people do that the constitutional right to assemble without fear of b
we're going to have massive #liftwaffe banners and zyzz posters to ' mire . can be chief trainer .
we're not paying for a freaking wall - ya freaks ! #getreal #nobannowall
weak factory numbers across globe suggest more central bank action
well that dude doesn't respect white genders .
were committed by men and women . also - oops - the white 2black pop ratio is 2.62 : 1  but the white 2black rape ratio is only 2.41 : 1 . so  we
what btw  is wrong with protecting ' white women ' or ' white kids ' ? are we only supposed to pr
what do you call white men like mcveigh  hitler and lately  paddock ? ? ? ange
what do you mean ? when did white supremacy end ?
what happened to sap ? the german fathers of sap will son kick u out  sap guy .
what is the original account ?
when did he promise white supremacy ?
when people were worried that trump was going to attack syria this same clown said trump would never attack syria .
where were their white hoods ? oh that's right . safety in numbers .
which is why ur not running these systemic machines of white supremacy
white bread is hate .
white cultural is not subjective . look outside your window cupcake .
white fish
white genocide accelerates in new zealand via
white guilt : a black invention we can believe in .
white house is planning to let more foreign entrepreneurs work in the us
white knighting where you're not wanted . classic bully .
white lives matter is not a racist message
white men
white nationalism  explained via
white nationalism is malignant  or other nationalism is benign . simple #mlk #espn
white people aren't allowed to have pride in their culture ? ?
white people culturally appropriating dreadlocks ...
white people have become slaves to gadgets ! #nationalsocialism #nationalism
white people said sorry .
white people won * * * only thirty percent * of the delegates in the iowa gop race . bet the media hasnt mentioned that  huh ?
white pride worldwide 2016
white students turned away from anti-racism seminar for being white | full story :
white supremacists = antifa + blmdo the math .. bothsides are wrong !
white supremacists paying for ads for the hate / distraction of the wall is no shock .
white working class rallies behind trump via
whites tend to be more altruistic .
who do you think is lying ? typical #zog #media #msm
whoa there  why are you asking the kkk ?
whole left wing media is politicizing her death  open your eyes idiot
whose gonna determine who is racist ? i'm asking for some white guys and some bl
why are you changing the topic from sanger to hillary jutta ?
why are you so anti white ? the flyers didn't have anything hateful on them . your intentions are clearly anti white . so hateful !
why christians like robert support jesus deniers to claim all of jeruselem . #jihad
why did russian jews support the bolshevik revolution ? via
why gang for every race + ab jews ... but no white aryans ? because u lost ... the biggest among u will die . but props to
why the green family's faith matters so much to them ... and their business . #religiousfreedomforall
will hillary disavow her white racist supporters ? why not ?
will take all media away . this includes facebook & twitter . there will be no way to continue movement .
wins @ #scotus on behalf of pastor clyde reed and good news community church
with brigitte gabriel in nyc raising christian & minority plights globally & in #mideast
with me little english  as i understood u r so racist and u think we muslims wana kill all outthere
witnessed two mohalla meetings of aap in varanasi . amazed at their lack of shame to base whole campaign on disguting pack of lies
wow i do know there is an anonymous supporter that is not typing tonight or for a long while  not all can hide
yeah  we need another old white racist in the administration ! someone needs to block the russian probe !
yes  to call #kkk racist is sane . but to call #aclu racist for using picture of white child is insane . do you get the distinction ?
you are taking what you think is happening out of context . are not anti-white or anti-any race . they are pro-western .
you can bank on major university cities  like columbia  mo  bloomington  in  and charlottesville  va to be more or less marxist .
you just kill people and mosquitoes during your marchs
you know this organization excludes jews - founder damigo views jewish people as non - white ?
you mean all the people who willingly and voluntarily chose to suck down a shotgun ? use the right number  already jewing and barely even started your argument .
you read what i said  huh ? and you still think i said #crookedhillary is in prison ? people
you still dont know what supremacist means its in the dictionary
you sure you want to go there ? in nine years  we went from shooting guys into low earth orbit to dropping them on the face of the moon . we really like challenges .
you will never see this endorsement on any mainstream news network #trump2016
you're a white supremacist i can just tell by looking at you ! !
you're white ? i thought you were spanish ?
your account is going to be shut down for racist rants against white people and minorities .
your all scum  you and all those kkk / white power cause is futile when more than 98 % of white americans are against your organisations
your hate is not welcome on my campus ! all people were created equal . we are all human beings ! hate will never win !
your people  well if that's how you feel . so  do you think you're fully white ?
your perfect ncaa bracket may help defend the sanctity of life via #prolife
your white privilege is blinding you ! !
yup  no problem with their religion  just us ialamaphobes
yup - can't wait for to be in the wh . i'll be proud to be american again #makeamericagreatagain
yup . look how racist the country is ! the kkk is there . smh
"  "" i wont be deterred by some tall people standing near me . "" "" """
"  "" no control over optics "" "" in circumstances lk this  the un """
"  "" she's white "" "" lol way to be reductive here . """
"  "" white supremacists without borders "" "" via #nlp #hellstorm storm roof """
" 2 ) just imagine what would be happening if  "" open borders "" "" hillary was president . """
" do something on all the different white nations .  "" white "" "" erases the diversity ( ! ) we have . """
" doesn't the alt-right have  "" direction problems "" "" because you have political differences ( southern vs . no """
" don't fall into racist trap . racism doesn't exist because there is no other  "" race "" "" to be "" "" racist "" "" against . """
" hunter needs to read  "" starship troopers "" "" to understand true morality we will need to adopt to surivive / thrive """
" i am now and will always be a jew who is considered  "" white . "" "" you ? i haven't a clue  but yo """
" i believe some ( lots ) of good people are in  "" politics "" "" it goes against the country class grain that such a niche exists """
" i don't know the whole  "" stop saying we hate people "" ""  "" "" we don't hate peoples just because we want to reserve america for white people "" "" thing while laughing about the genocide of six million people ... maybe undercuts your integrity . """
" i'm sure i'm not the only one who saw kersey's name and thought   "" wait  from death wish ? "" "" """
" mindthet and media expert  "" forgets "" "" how the media works . """
" no . your assumptions are suffering from prejudice  yet again . this seems to be a trend . but as a way of slightly narrowing down who i consider  "" our people  "" "" i'll share a post of mine from christmas eve . you can deduce whatever you like . """
" no such thing as the  "" human race "" "" . white is not a color . whites have """
" oh you don't hate yourself  you hate the  "" lower "" "" white people who don't hold your establis """
" overcoming the stigma of  "" white pride . "" "" """
" proud of your culture and heritage is one thing . being  "" pro-white  "" "" and thinking you're bette """
" put new york on the ' american not a tourist or vacation place list !  "" """
" racist or stupid ... so which one are you pal ? ? ? grow up ... make better jokes ... your black  "" friend "" "" should whoop yo asss """
" religious freedom means i can live free of being subjected to your  "" religious-protected "" "" bigotry . """
" rt  "" : hitlers ' propagandist goebbels would appear a novice in front of these evil "" "" """
" rt  "" the lengths planned parenthood will go to in order to protect its abortion gold mine are nothing short of extreme . "" "" """
" rt  "" we will continue to worship god no matter what happens  no matter what attacks come . that's a part of our faith . "" "" #texaschurchmassacre """
" rt  "" wherever you live--the time for sitting on the sidelines is over . "" "" - #ipledgesunday #prolife """
" rt . 9 / everything the  "" religious right "" "" wishes to achieve today used to be normal before we affiliated with "" "" conservatism "" "" """
" rt :  "" snow college ices religious freedom "" "" """
" rt :  "" we will not back down from defending the religious liberty of those in the military . "" "" """
" rt : romney :  "" i believe people of the islamic faith do not have to subscribe to the idea of radical  violent jihadism ... ht ... """
" rt bsp's naseemuddin siddiqui wanted expelled bjp vp dayashankar singh's wife & daughter be  "" presented "" "" ( vulgar innuendo ) """
" rt but the  "" third great awakening "" "" is about to begin ! """
" rt china set to launch a  "" more livable "" "" space lab  tiangong - 2 into space in q3 """
" rt in london  teacher fined for posting hitler picture with words  "" you were right "" "" | full story : """
" rt nazi-era german word  "" luegenpresse "" "" makes a comeback """
" rt remember the nj hopsital that made nurses perform elective abortions ?  "" they said no "" "" """
" rt so what this latest aap bimbo is saying is  "" we are just a pappu .. please please give us time "" "" .. moron ! """
" rt the first woman's name was eve  from hebrew the meaning is  "" giver of life . "" "" woman's god given name is "" "" giver of life . "" "" not taker . no choice . """
" rt the people who knew cho  james holmes  loughner  lanza all knew they belonged in a lunatic asylum . it would be  "" intolerant "" "" to lock em up """
" rt west bengal now most unsafe state in india  "" sonar bangla "" "" turning into a terror state #bengalaskmamata """
" rt yelling  "" i hate white people "" "" and punching one isnt a hate crime  canadian judge rules """
" start a new meme :  "" white supremacists for expanding abortion . "" "" then watch the human head paint shaker """
" the best way to actually fight against  "" revolutionary "" "" movements . is to practice secessi """
" they'll be called  "" byproducts of white supremacy "" "" good lard """
" this is a racist ad by / this organization hiding behind  "" fair "" "" 2 breed hate / racism . #standup against these nefarious orgs . """
" to have a lucrative career ? this is your  "" such aspirations "" "" ? i'm sure you'll do just fine . """
" we seem to be the only ones who will fight antifa . everyone else thinks they live in a  "" free country "" "" . """
" what is a  "" race "" "" ? how do you determine who is "" "" white "" "" or "" "" off-white "" "" ? """
" when i think  "" elites "" ""  i think of rich  powerful people who may also control our media . murdoch and rothermere control more than half of it . """
" you're still thinking in demotic terms . think less in terms of  "" infowar "" "" and more in terms of actual leadership . """
#boycottnetflix : netflix to launch dear white peopleshow
#buildthewall hashtag was manufactured by hate group  but just keep pretending you're not racist .
#democracy is bad for white people . good read . #news
#enews #endtimesnews planned parenthood gets bad sell reception : planned parenthood gets bad sell r ... via
#hannity why is white america so gullible ?
#kalergi's children-leaders give us this hate crime attacks on white graduates rockdenmark
#noamnesty #noh1b #nokakaayeaaa ice ! go ice go ! push em back ! push em back !
' holocaust ' debate / comments / news questions for revisionists : i preface this post by saying i do not agre ...
( ( ( white ) ) ) homosexuals don't have much privilege .
- - open your ears ! ! i am white - - -
. : my record as a #prolife governor is clear . this goes way beyond politics . well said #gopdebate #tcot #tcot
. grants to #plannedparenthood for breast cancer screening result in zero mammograms #defundpp
... and she was white
/ 3 sonofnewo  ford fischer  charlottesville hoax  charlottesville fake  been a riot on youtube for the
09th february 2013 - day of honour remembrance in budapest  hungary ! read more : via
1 . 78.3 % of miami's population is white . 2 . mestizo is not a race option on the us
3 ) white is a color . whites are not being targeted because many look white . european christians & their descendants are being targeted .
3 a . m .  1 can of upturned white gloss paint  gravity .
70 % of americans oppose attacking #syria . yet we are about to get embroiled in another endless war . time to #secede
84 % of all wanted criminals in copenhagen are non-white | read more :
93.5 % of people aren't white .
: #war on drugs ? see what the american #nazi party has to say about it : #politics #news #hitler
: 20 - week mri from londons ifind project lets parents watch unborn babies wiggle  ( cont )
: 3 truths about #marriage that courts can't change ; #amen
: 50 white activists in front of 250 anti-racists in nsm / kkk charlotte rally ! read more : via ...
: anti-racist equals anti-white billboard erected in arkansas ( video )
: breaking : house votes 242 to 179 to end taxpayer funding of abortion . only one gop member voted no . #whywemarch #prolife
: check out the sen race in alaska with a viable third party to the right of a #nevertrump incumbent r .
: ex-muslim critic of islam expelled from norway  faces deportion to pakistan and death
: georgia to screen colleges for illegal aliens #afire #tcot #p2
: great video resource on the nature of #marriage from #humanum
: people of new orleans have spoken . that's why these monuments to white supremacy are coming down . not us but be
: rt : being in the womb does not disqualify human personhood . #prolifecon
: russian nationalists plan annual march for nov 4 . : 30000- 50000 expected
: stop condemning  start demanding action.using churchill  of all people  to justify
: that's not antifa . there were congressperson tom garrett's folks there filming people tho ... tanner hirs
: the funny thing the more alt left does these kind of things the more they lose their grip . america is sick of
: the official car of the alt-right .
: thoughts on md's in-state tuition for illegal aliens | dan stein / / stein report 2000-2010 : # ...
: tired of the optics debate just hoping and the rest in #shelbyville stay safe
: uk : 1000 muslims protest against muhammad cartoons and free speech
: via : india : muslim accused of sexually assaulting 4 - year-old girl blames her for enticing him
: we are losing religious freedom because we arent exercising our religious freedom . - at #cpac2015
a group of racists white losers who are bitter that white supremacy is being challenged in this country . this is my country !
a lot of people are mixing up cause and effect in this day and age .
a president who shrugs - via
a trump massacre tonight . guess the collusion was a bust .
a wisconsin judge builds the case for #religiousfreedom .
aclu apologizes to leftists for white baby ad via
act for america is an anti-muslim hate group per #splc . they help america hate again . disgusting !
action report : a brighter future identity evropa activists recently hosted a private speaking event on a college campus in southern california .
adolf hitler's economic reform via
adolf hitlers vision of germania still casts its long shadow over berlin #swrm #hitler #adolfsvision
alex jones cries six million tears as he is unable to contain anger towards jews  blacks and muslims on his websites
all politics are identity politics
all white to this continent are immigrants what are we talking about me first p
all work would be done here by white people
almost all the people who go to these things are white but it isn't racially exclusive .
along being british citizen  rgs company blackops received orders worth 20000crs 4m indian govt ! wt does this convey ?
also  you can be european and not white .
also april has mostly alienated people ... very few want anything to do with her .
amen ! ! believe me  i hate white criminals as much as i hate black criminals . i hate white lazy welfare pos as much as black lazy welfare pos . see the trend ? ? ?
america is made up of immigrants you ignorant racist .
american ideals are actually new england ideals . narcissism and endless wars for abstractions aren't our ideals .
and 70 house colleagues send letter to senate urging priority for #prolife principles in #ahca .
and so is white on black  black on black and white on white . problem ?
and when black people dont start lynching white people  maybe youll be ready to re-examine your worldview .
another stunning heritage victory by the ' anti-racist '  heritage crowd ! does the winning ever stop with these people ?
anti-white organizers of white privilege seminar trying to slander me
apparently you missed your own tweet that contradicts that which you said less than 10
are not black people killed by police at disproportionate rates don't black people receive higher prison sentences then white people ?
are you disowning antifa ? renouncing your fellow sjws ? you should thank the
as for flynn  i take it as a sign that trump's lack of loyalty to people around him is starting to catch up with him
as i said yesterday  hardest hit fm this #demonetisation are anti-national naxalsthank u pm modi . #banayebehetarbharat
austria on the cusp of electing a nationalist president - norbert hofer leading narrowly with 50.2 % of votes counted so far .
azam khan asks muslims to unite to prevent modi from becoming pm - the times of india
because if elected as an open white racist you have freedom of movement !
because you chose antifa odds we need 30 people to fight 1 person as a fair fight ?
beware of foolish low iq germans  just being born in germany is not enough .
bill kristolnacht isn't white .
bjp files complaint over inflammatory smses allegedly circulated to instigate riots
black / puerto rican . interestingly enough though my dna test had a lot of european descent in there
black man openly fantasizes about slaughtering white girls during race war ( video ) | read more : via
black man punches white woman
boycott the anti-white racist censorship  boycott zuckerbergs facebook : ... #freeweb
brad  you got a big shout out today . i thought the league was a whites only group ?
breaking : #isis retreating in syria  jets strike 32 facilities overnight - russian military
breaking : hillary sent ' marked classified ' info to nonsecure abedin accountread more at #hillarysemails
brown people were in america from the jump . population ratio was about 80:20 ; a farcry from an ethnostate . america is not a white country . i do have sympathy for whats happening in european nations . they should be allowed to preserve their cultures withiut shame .
but brievik kill many people because of you and geller ... support him please :( #myjihad
but its jesus ' birthday not allah or mohammeds . they have there own festivals  or is that christianph
but we have plenty of stupid white people too ?
by we know ( ( ( who ) ) ) or purge ( follow same fate as gop paleos ) from politics
can i join your xbox live clan ?
cannolis are explicitly white .
carson doubles down on no muslims on the white house some commentary here via
cathy ruse : on bahalf of my three daughters  you are an idiot . your views on equality for all people is an injustice ...
charlottesville beginning of white civil rights movement says organizer richard spencer #swrm via
charlottesville review : faulty planning  passive police led to ' disastrous results ' at aug . 12 rally via
chinese sjw angry at native charlotteans #altright #culturalmarxism via
counter-semite : the latest in white nationalist rebranding via
cuck erickson : rubio and cruz supporters need to agree to a truce to stop trump
cuck matt lewis : jeb ! loses what was left of his legacy via
cuz he's a white boy and she's a minority .
democrats explicitly abandon white working class #tcot
democrats you are a one trick pony . when you have no argument just scream racist . i'm black so i guess you can't call me racist lol .
demokkkrats you are so angry  racist  hateful  and bitter . hate to break it to y'all but america is not bringing slavery back .
did some white girl spurned him ?
did the patriots cuck out ? ?
did you even read siege ? pierce is rolling in his grave at certain people as we speak .
didn't know he was a racist .. hulkster
didn't obama meet with british mb leaders when netanyahu was in town to speak to congress ?
diversity problems ? oh you mean like the all white 2016 democrat primary ? kind of similar to bill's old all white golf club
do you want white people to be replaced ?
do your job and protect and serve the residents of the community you serve not perform the federal duties of ice .
don't let his last name fool you he's also a racist i know him and his friends they are bigoted racist fakes in life
donald trump just made it impossible for ted cruz to clinch the gop nomination
dr . william pierce : george lincoln rockwell  a national socialist life #swrm via
egypt : muslim brotherhood supporters throw molotov cocktails at churches
elin krantz : just another dead white pro-multiculturalism liberal via
eu official : hungarian pms crusade against soros is anti-semitic
evropa is such yank larping
except where poor blacks & poor whites rioted together bacon's rebellion learn history fool .
face facts : white people rock ! :
facsism is the concentration of power to a few who dictate to the people . no ?
fair is a hate group . dan stein is a disgusting racist
feels white phosphorous man
female fighters on the navy's radar : #military #navy
fight over flour bag swastika shuts down antique shop via
first rule of #altright is bring an extra pair of pants
fortunately  most don't care that much about race  treat people like people
from the archives : is it biblical for christians to go to court ? | via
fuhrer trump and racist white supremacist in full bloom . make america great again ! vote hillary cote democrat
german cabinet plea with protesters to cancel ' disgusting ' anti-islam demo
get in contact with the alt-right is very serious about this peaceful solution happening .
get over the white racist bs . it's 2017 & that dog won't hunt . #trumptrain calling you & let's all make some $ cratch . #maga
good  they are pretty cringe anyways . sargon will fall from grace pretty soon i predict . people on the
great optics !
has been invaded left and right  north and south  since the fall of the roman empire  that's why you have people that look ethnically diverse
he didn't claim to be part of the alt right did he ?
he means in public life . nobody would identify as near white if they could reap a benefit from being considered white . instead we have a bizzare situation where white people claim to be non-white through distant ancestry ( or lying ) . proof no incentive to be seen as white .
he was not elected in a general elections . sikhs  hindus and christians have separate ' minority ' seats in parliament
here's an example scenario : christmas . black family doesn't have as much money as white family . white presents better .
here's an intriguing piece by on the #altright and southern
hey still preaching god sends disasters as punishment ? you must be so guilty if your house was destroyed ! loser .
hillary clinton falling video at 911 memorial being censored
hindus  sikhs in afghanistan feel neglected  discriminated - #hdl
hispanic / latino does not equal mestizo . they can be of any race  and most of the ones in miami are racially white
holder did it for obama so why not seassions for trump ?
hope big bang fdi reforms across 15 sectors announced ahead of pm's uk visit heralds bold new eco policy after bihar defeat
how is appreciating your heritage white privilege ? we're the only ones not allowed to do it .
how's mr . last honest man in dc going to answer this one ? hmmm ? more proof comey deserved to be fired . #maga #p2
i agree . i wasn't sure but seeing support him clinches it . he's bad .
i am not denying that ; here in the uk we have massive communities that don't want to inte
i disagree . christianity is not the religion of white people .
i don't think so . he's just not a idiotic democrat .
i don't think the people of the cities in question have any business in management of a city ... white black etc . its not white or black .
i don't think what she said affected the optics particularly . she comes across as a humorless old boome
i guess you hate freedom too . just admit you want a white dictatorship  adolf .
i hate white people who think non-white people are the source of their problems .
i have nothing for or against the label . i just want my ( and other ) people to survive  be treated fairl
i would have no problem people voicing disagreement without trying to
i would wire myself up too if i was potentially facing down antifa . evidence for court of law in case they try to crucify you
i wouldn't call them british . british people are white :)
i'd never expect missouri or the rest of the border south to vote any differently than the rest of the
i'll be live tonight on renegade broadcasting w / my friend pete papaherakles - joins us for a 30 min segment in hour 2 #trump2016
i'm a white person on it . disabled people qualify .
i'm ashamed to have you and your klan as a member of the white race . otherwise certainly . #altright
i'm no statistician lady  what's your point . we whites are the poor minority ?
i'm not a racist but this the very first time i've heard of such  a white person being deported .
i'm white and don't live under any of that . what's your deal ?
i've noticed that the ones who are most likely to brag about how great the white race is are usually the worst examples of it .
if america is to be the world's policeman  job 1 is to arrest  try  and punish criminal zionists and media owners .
if nothings changed it's because we keep electing people who like it the way it is . change that !
if people abuse their rights  it's ok for government to take it back
if you're ok with trump's arms sales to saudi arabia  you're utterly discredited . trump just embraced
im not black im hispanic yall open 2 latinos or na ?
im white
in new white house  a look at trumps inner circle via
in your opinion . most of us righties out here in flyover country are digging it . esp the dudes . #unitetheright
indian embassy's helpline in brussels : +32-26409140 +32-26451850 ( pabx ) & +32-476748575 ( mobile )  says eam sushma swaraj .
injuries and the death were all due to antifa
interesting piece on #altright trolls . #makeamericagreatagain
international india work force visas being denied
iran to sign $ 3 billion gas contract with consortium of indian companies | by and
iron age  not broze age . you leftists really do hate poor people . we believe that peasants can be important .
is a hate group . their values are bigotry  hate  homophobia  and white supremacy .
is actually a business  and they've been making the us dollar worth less year
is it racist to secure the borders ?
is this group for white supremacists ? if so  i'm the whitest person i know and i command any lesser whites to stop being racist .
isharat ke abbu must apologize on ishrat ; are daughters of bihar ishrat ?
islam dose not command muslims to kill that is like say christianity make white people kkk or white supremacist . shake your head .
isnt he just the picture of the product of fake intellectualism that has plagued academia for 30 years ? cruel to tell him he was talented
israel-gaza conflict : israeli knock on roofmissile warning revealed in remarkable video
it has been highly successful in fundraising and perpetuating itself #trucons
it is emergency : the terrorists plan on killing several hundred million people - see more at :
it seems like nasa is suffering from white privilege !
it's islam so that doesn't count  you have to be white and white only
it's not about any specific people  but about preserving everyone's freedom of conscience  incl yours .
jeff sessions : jcc bomb threat probe spanned multiple continents
jewish groups  pols say trump budget is bad for israel and other us interests | jewish telegraphic agency
jews are white  my guy
john derbyshire has issue with whites exerting own interests & identities #nrx
just a reminder to all : stay away from national action ... and while you're at it  keep away from those mugs with tattoos over their faces !
just fyi  modern banking as we know it started in italian city states  by whites  not jews .
just think if the optics ! ! !
kd  i don't know how you can be a white nationalist ( aka white supremacist ) & christian ? it's not scriptural .
kkk marchers say they will be armed saturday at charlottesville  virginia  rally
let's see the media show this like they did christie's face from super tuesday over and over again . they won't .
life goal : publicly execute a kkk member
like & repin if you will pray for marriage ! praying for marriage by alan sears two crucial marr
list of kkk members .
listening to the powerful testimony of the founder of the radiance foundation . #prolifecon #whywemarch
lol ! you guys talk so good . words use to make the fancy statements .
lol #rino cucks got landslided by in #nh howd that taste cucks ?
looks like and antifa have a lot in common !
lost respect for a lot of people post-shelbyville . organizers  attendees & support
maglites don't kill people ( only maglites with batteries in ) .. probably stol
manishankar iyer comment on modi needs no comment but it is an insult to poor people who can sell tea 2become pm . shastriji is a leading e . g
marriage is important but other ways of life also ! you don't alway's need marriage to love and be loved !
maybe if we can get 4 or 5 other people would transform into voltron ?
meet raleigh-durham iww : duke university's antifa communist group via
mel gibson now donates to holocaust survivors
merkels lies exposed by hungarian
mestizo is . and mestizo is not white  lol .
mexicos supreme court rejects legalizing #abortion nationwide : #prolife
military armed on foreign soil  but disarmed here in us . any of this makes sense ? #rt #gjm
misanthropy isn't racist so it's ok
modi's stockholm syndrome ko salaam ! . he seems desperate to win favour with those who demonize him & bjp ...
muslims ? plenty of racist white christians calling for murder of blacks  natives  jews  asians
must mean hes a racist because he doesnt want to be seen with a white man ... #liberallogic
my inspiration to join politics is shri : smt #bjp4delhi
naacp renews lawsuit to stop ban on race-based abortions of black babies #tcot
national socialism is german socialism . follow us ! #napow #nationalsocialismnow #lovens
never  ever be a #cuckservative  . #cuckservatives #raceisreal #culture #religion #race
never trust people who run from the word racist and are eager to placate anti-whites by attacking white
new england is full of people like that . #liberalismisamentaldisorder
next time can you guys walk out with the ? apparently being racist / openly racist is okay nowadays . #thanksbeyonc
no  hon ; having a high iq leads to curiosity  whic
no  majority is based on the number of people . you have to count and understand numbers . y
no it doesn't make you racist  it makes you right !
no one in the south has done more to oppose securing the border than the texas gop which is totally controlled by big donors
no one needs to hear this racist  white trash propaganda .
no sir torches are a sign of intimidation tied to lynchings you're just ignorant like all of the white
no they haven't ... before 1500  whites were a plague ridden people with nothing ...
not afraid of the dark : watch russian bombers in night action targetting syrian terrorists
not all racist are white males  they can be all races
not one planned parenthood in pa provides prenatal care :
not racist  just retarded .
not really . over half of the white supremacists on / pol / are mestizos .
notre dame accepts  funds illegal immigrant students #illegalimmigration #noamnesty
now you know why writes blatantly false pieces criticising bjp sab mile hue
nyf in more news
obama and modi talk trade  climate and islamic state at the white house :
of at berkeley free speech rally .
oh  she is also a thieve . nice resume .
oh baloney . if you will look at tax revenues in those cities and per capita crime rate you will find you are wrong . fake news
on first full day in cuba  obama to meet with castro and address the
one is probably more than enough to take on antifa .
only a racist would suggest american judges are trained to be anti-white :
oregon militia standoff : national reactions  what you need to know #alabama
our people are eager for a political leader to unapologetically defend and promote our people.youre
p sure he was a college kid working at petsmart when doxed by igd . disgruntled little men tend 2 embellish the truth & overcompensate socially
pat buchanan on kim davis and judicial tyranny - #tcot #nrx
pedophile must have autocorrected to populist
people are finally waking up to the corruption .
people get what they allow - i like the anp ! 88
people latch onto that past because it was so inspirational . hitler had
perhaps you could help out those poor people who think seattle is in europe . give them a map or something .
pl ask to resign on moral grounds or ask anna hazare to enforce discipline
planned parenthood celebrates it's 100th bday  making sure millions never celebrate their 1st : #100yearsofabuse
please you are grasping for straws . racist against who ?
polish people still hate the jews  poll finds | read more : via
politics history and videya are my hobbycalling people racist with no claim is not unlike you
poor elder ... too stupid to realize  if it were up to trump  you'd never be allowed to live in his apartments . you support a racist  wow .
portuguese nationalists demonstrates against non-white invasion via
privilege is earned not inherited . the white race as it is called is not born into it .
probably on way to stupid white person meeting
putin is a white male .
quentin tarantino unveils new anti-white race war slasher movie ! read more : via
rabbi says synagogue fired him for welcoming nonwhite members via
racial awareness has always been part of our culture . it is still strong in some areas
racist ? lmao ! i'm racist . ...
racist black cop in columbus  ga racially profiles white motorist and he isn't banned from cols .  ga .
racist much ?
re : re : re : white dream chaser
respecting gay marriage as law of the land won't kill you
retweeted robert spencer ( ): hamas : abbas by religious standards a jew for attending peres ...
rt : did you miss speaking yesterday about how society benefits from marriage ? see more here :
rube is drenched in sweat #gopdebate
sam dickson : black and hispanic democrats versus white  liberal
secure the border
see interview of ( koran content analysis )
should pro-life organizations be forced to hire pro-choice employees ? via
shri stuns audience with hindi discourse while congress pms shamed us by speaking english .
sign a white man
so are many white american males . it's not limited to one demographic .
so it is white not right ricky . good . right is nothing  white is all . you get this now ? good
so what you are implying  is that you're the authentic kind of racist confederate ? pretty sure your kin
some europeans are non white
some of it less than 5 years ago .
south africa had a miniscule economy compared to an independent south
south africa youth leader says ' criminal ' whites stole land from blacks
spencer has so much free time to spew bigotry considering how churches keep canceling his hate talks
spent the weekend helping my sister move plus 8 hours in the car . glad to be back . i need to find an irl #liftwaffe bro to lift with
st . louis hammer attack video : they are running up and down the street screaming kill the white people and y ...
still feeling that white pride ?
stop with the fake narrative ... who said anything about hating your whiteness ? ... we said stop loving your pseudo white supremacists views regarding race realism  your negative stereotypes ... and stop embracing the system of white supremacy .
surah 9 was one the last chapters in the qur'an to be revealed . defensive ( 2:191  etc . )  offensive ( 9:5  etc . ) jihad haven't been abrogated .
sure it is . that's the polarizing issue . the optics camp has only continued to splinter and divide over it which is what i expected to happen
surely a racist directs venom against race.so  does jihad represent race ?
teen accused of jcc bomb threats has attempted suicide 5 times in jail  his attorney says
texas targeting sanctuary cities via
thank you . i love and support potus trump !
thanks hunter  i'll watch the replay.thats the answer i was hoping he would give . he should always use that on gotcha questions .
that indira and rajiv gandhi were desh ke shaheed is the biggest farce that gandhi family has played on india .
that took place in columbus  i spent 12 yrs in columbus  it's literally full of africans  somalians to be exact
that's the kind of people needed in sanctuary cities / states . bring in more of them .
that's the problem : middle class people enjoy art but don't want to make ar
that's what these people do . claim supra authority  then apply or ignore the law as suits their purposes .
that's why robert spencer has a masters degree in religious deception .
thats the kind of conservative christianity that has reasonable people leaving the church
the ' charming ' white supremacist leader stoking hate across california via
the ' greatest generation ' are an over rated bunch of cucks who went to sleep on the job and put us into this situation .
the count hispanic and arabs as blacks too ... fact
the daily beast : white supremacists celebrate boehnersdemise
the deep cultural and historical roots of trump's victory in white america :
the difference is putin will kill isis while hussain supports them .
the funny part is is they got more white people finding a judder in the name of blm
the mayor of san jose did a terrible job of ordering the protection of innocent people . the thugs were lucky supporters remained peaceful !
the monumental chutzpah of the administrations challenge to judge hanens injunction of executive amnesty
the only known recording of adolf hitler's normal speaking voice #swrm #adolf #hitler #speakingvoice
the point is that white people say that black people can't be racist because the definition of racist is that you are the oppressor and the supreme race . and they use the excuse that whites are the supreme race and that blacks can't be racist
the president can fire special counsel investigator at any time and a new one can be appointed.simple !
the railroad trust of the new south : j . p . morgan takes over the southern railroad network
the real ted cruz : the most spectacular liar to ever run for president
the real terrorists are in the white house .
the realist report is back on blogtalkradio !
the selma confederates : ' i want to protect  defend and preserve my white race ' video
the wall will keep america safe and secure from white supremacists running over people with cars or shooting up churches oh wait
the worst immigrant anchor baby of all : thomas jefferson
there is no law saying white people cant enjoy the same freedoms as every other race . take ours we take yours in court .
there is only 1 race  the human race . we are all #one #lol #ignorance
there's going to be a race war in sa for sure  you think ?
there's no point . you already believe the people in the pictures are
these are our people :
these people are totally insane .
these people keep surrendering  they're perpetual losers .
these people were cucks before they were born . #cuckservative
they are whipping out in front of the media .
they call it mental illness we call it islam
they show pictures of hitler being kind  except for the fact that those are propaganda photos . .
they won't  cops are cucks . plain and simple  sadly .
they're angry because blacks who have been enslaved by those of the black caucus may finally taste su
this is trivial . best looking man in the world ? this is nothing to lose sleep over . my point was lately  european americans act like they aren't in charge anymore . and so anything trivial triggers a reaction
this is where the problem . friends of bjp should remain with bjp  diff can always be sort out .
to all members we are having fun do you #opkkk
too bad the is a hate org #banmosques deport islam from america
trump admin will directly help christians in the middle east rather than use ineffective un programs .
trump calls obama ' lousy ' president ; says president more angry at him than #orlandoshooter
trump speaking in south west virginia at 3pm - - - should be interesting . pass it on ...
trump speaks to union league  will he speak to the league of the south ?
trump white house goes after white people on
two year culinary top full paid for culinary art school like so like wild bills a two year research then implementation
um  no .. he maliciously attacked a group of people and murdered someone
unfortunately  there is a great divide in the wn community . most of the openly wn people think the alt
unless it's a white christian  in which case  it's totally related to faith and race .
unlike cruz  trump isn't a puppet of club for growth and the texas oligarchy . that is decisive on immigration
upon appeal  identity evropas facebook page has been reinstated !
very productive day at the white house ! #actforamerica #makeamericasafeagain #protectionoverpolitics
very true . the desperate way they work to denounce people and orgs still keeps many in the dark  going along with the established narrative
video shock : black rioters drag white man from store via
w feared news media israel bias ; trump just pandering to evangelicals . is he giving israel rope to hang itself ?
wallace  this was beautiful to read . can you recommend books on this subject ?
watch the video of and his boyfriend from charlottesville . it's shameful .
watch these middle age white ladies eat up being told they are all racist . fighting racism with racism ! lol .
we are optimistic about future of india with how ever we are also watching . there are a number of turncoats in
we both agree that white people are valuable and should be preserved ( i think ) . i just don't think hati
we can't tell they have a y chromosome in every cell in their body ? pretty sure we can
we the people have to overturn their monopoly on the interpretation of the constitution because that trumps everything
we we must start a national movement to either federalize or privatize our historical monuments  & erect them all again ! including every 10 commandments monument ever removed ! they better pray those monuments are in safe storage !
we white house now
well  well  well . there is a lot a hate i you sir . i am 100 % muslim but i don't hate you . seek knowledge  not hate .
what % white do you think is the minimum that european countries and the us should allow ?
what a chat with a white nationalist taught me about trumps america
what a great idea lets start a civil war with people who wanted to be left alone now must surrender their guns .
what a shock . conservatism  which has failed to conserve anything meaningful in 50 years  didn't have more true believers
what split india & pak was religious segregation propagated by white europeans . like race segregation
what they wanted was for alt-right to open fire on antifa . they need a literal smoking gun and a great
what two sides are there to hate and evil ? there is only good and evil . fascists  racists & hate-mongers who promote genocide should be blocked . the 20 members of new black panther party & the fringy white groups represent hate . they are the same
where's ur white hood ? wait lemme guess ur ancestors were indigenous 2land & ur 1 % cherokee  so ur people weren't immigrants 2
white americas moral disaster : from eric garner to mike brown  a destructive view of justice #anti-white
white behavior on display indeed ; one white man murdered 58 people and shot over 500 in minutes . that is white behavior .
white births now the majority of births in the us again ! #ccot # via
white culture
white genocide doesn't exist
white house . scorecards are definitely needed any more .
white man march : national socialists rally at newcastle upon tyne via
white nationalism ?
white nationalists from around europe meet in milan via
white people are a minority in london and the chinese are buying mansions in the posh areas .
white people are a symbol of oppression and hatred . we need to take ourselves down by lying on the ground and crying .
white people need you there . we don't much need you here in the usa .
white power ... oh and im albanian and muslim but still black power ... i mean white
white ppl are extremely divided  culturally disconnecting . nazis opposed white ppl . pursuing ideology  crushing others .
white supremacists
white-ish socialist marxists democrat libtards broken down in a white category would probably be high .
who would decide who is white ? for example  are people of arme
whos crazier ? christopher dorner or the country ? | american renaissance
why are we following the antifa policy of peace through violence ?
why did they kill all the white people ? do you know haitis history ? tell me what happened since you so clearly generalize haitians by saying haiti did this and that .
why not buy an island in the bermuda triangle and then you csn have your own country for whites only . you are a joke and only in america
why on earth would he kill white ppl wtf
will #france go over to the russian side ?
will there be a fundraiser to help people pay for medical treatment ?
wisconsin governor signs bill that defunds planned parenthood #tcot
women and white nationalism  redux : does the white nationalist movement need to include women ? weve discussed ...
word magic  another cuck myth .
working on reporting you . more to come . several of your followers have been .
would love to thank for his support against falsely-labeling us media as #jewish controlled . cc :
wouldnt that logic also apply to white supremacists ? cant have a white suprema
wrong spencer . you evidently think it's the racist guy ( richard )
yelling i hate white people and punching one isnt a hate crime  canadian judge rules via
yep elder .. same pattern when it comes to judge moore ! why do people believe someone over something they claimed happened 40 years ago ? i heard one dem on tv today say that we have to always believe women ? ! really ? why ? thats the lefts mentality ! !
yes . eu is easier that way  because we already know white = ! white
yes ... you do hate blacks unless they accept white culture or white supremacists propaganda
yesss ! atlanta is such a great city ... but it becomes a no-go zone after dark . even for the nightlife  you can't walk past a certain point .
yezz my oldest brother was made by 50 indian in ww2 where all of them raped her for 3 days - stationed in holland in ww2
you are a angry white guy and a fool . lol .
you are racist then because that is what they support ... white supremacy .
you are spinning like a top after i destroyed your argument . its both only when attacked
you are way off . random group of citizens =| = kkk . show me the parallel btw the two .
you follow and retweet ppl who believe in the same pseudo iq theory and trump is linked to them as well
you hate people who aren't exactly like you . you're obsessed with limiting immigration . you have much hate in your heart .
you nazis are out of sync with the people . not even white people support your quest for genocide .
you quote from a lying pro sanger webpage
you're a white winger . lol
you're not white you're racist
youre the hate group you hate whites ...
